"Creepy, way immature, and supremely insecure. This guy gives me the willies, and I'm a 65 year old male. Asking about his own teenage daughter's ""hot"" rating?  Sick, sick, sick.  Additionally, he lies whenever confronted about his wierdo behavior, and never, ever admits to any of his bizarre schnanigans. God help us. "	15
"Bill Clinton is the poster child of a predator sexual abuser whose appetites have disgraced his family and the nation with serial lies and conduct that deservedly led to his numerous encounters will law enforcement, the courts, and his subsequent impeachment all the while Hillary stood by her man like Tammy Wynette supporting his tortured excuses for infidelity and sexual abuse."	15
"It is not modern at all. In no other society was breakfast thought important- even for children.Rather, it is our culture that is aberrant. Why? People make tens of billions of dollars every year from making people fat, keeping them fat, and selling them pills and programs to help them lose weight (which never works long-term)."	15
"Hes an ignorant, amoral, dishonest and manipulative, misogynistic, philandering, hyper-litigious, isolationist, protectionist blowhard, Mr. Vlock said. Unfit for the job, an insult not only to McCain but to the nation....without any sense of common decency to knit this country back together. There is NOTHING that justifies voting for him...and I'm a Republican."	15
"Eddie, Hillary's record speaks for itself. You need not go that far to get information on her inability to tell the truth. You can also get a copy of Clinton Cash from the library to see what she, Bill and Chelsea did to raise money for the ""Foundation"". This was the woman that was ""broke"" a short 5 years ago. She is now worth over $200 million. Don't be nieve."	15
"Your chicken little routine flies in the face of reality. Things are not nearly as bad as you claim, and far, far better than they were under Reagan or either Bush. Perhaps things were better under Clinton, but the Clinton era was the best in history."	15
"Only a month or two ago I could chuckle at Trumps antics. No longer. I find him to be a disgusting, ultra-brash hypocrite...and much more. His lying love-fest with the pungent NRA was the last straw. Frankly, I can no longer stomach the sight of this man-child."	15
"The GOP is dead - morally dead, emotionally dead, brain dead, just plain dead. Donald Trump at the top of their ticket proves my point. I always knew they had no heart, now it's obvious they have no soul, just a lust for power and money. Sad, but true."	15
Mrs. Clinton has leaned heavily on Ellen to help humanize herself beyond policy speeches and personal attacks leveled on cable news.-----------------------------That someone in the public eye for the last 24 years needs help to humanize herself speaks to her complete and utter lack of anything to humanize. Ohh and that trailer was awful.	15
"I hope if Hillary Clinton makes an issue of Trump's ""treatment"" of women, I hope he comes back at her with a furious attack upon her husband's treatment of women, treatment that was physically abusive and in some cases criminal; treatment of women which she overlooked, condoned, and facilitated, all for her political expediency and selfishness."	15
"Mr. Trump, as has been said in many comments, is a scary and dangerous man. I would not vote for him, ever! He has, however, managed to shake up the political establishment on both sides and it was needed, for the political complacency had become something akin to overt contempt for the voter base. He deserves a pat on the back for the shake-up. Though, I agree with Jon Stewart about the man/baby label. "	15
"Yes! Thank goodness both Hillary and Bill Clinton are such honest and honorable people who would never dream of bending the rules, enriching themselves, or abusing young women. Wow! Boy I feel so grateful to have such fine and upstanding candidates on the Democrat side!"	15
"So Trump is an Alpha male - BIG deal, so is half of America!!! What's that got to do with him being the President?? What a useless article - being used to attack him in any way possible!! Shame on you NYT!!"	15
"Where was the NY Times when Mrs. Clinton played the system and did her single cattle futures deal that netted her 100k? If that wasn't insider trading Then you must have just fallen off the turnip truck. Th liberal media outlets refused to report on it and will not even publish an opinion letter by a reader that calls them out on their  Hypocracy. First amendment? Ha. All the news that's fit, they print."	15
"A root canal is unpleasant, but it's over in a few days. Compare that to 4 years...or 8. ""Mr. Trump"" will remain  ...an ignorant, amoral, dishonest and manipulative, misogynistic, philandering, hyper-litigious, isolationist, protectionist blowhard.""  The man is incapable of becoming any else."	15
"I am mystified how anyone with any ethics, morals or heart could evenconsider voting for this jerk.  That's all he is- an egomaniac, a creep, aspoiled and coddled rich brat. Wake up, America !"	15
"Really?If you want to get away with the ultimate insider trading, be a politician. Amazingly, the only female candidate has amassed $100 million as SOS. With a husband who has proven to be a liability. Favors, speeches, etc.ps someone may want to look at Al Gore as well.This wall street stuff is small potatoes."	15
Why should key Republican donors fund that crooked machiavellian trickster Donald Trump? ?  Trump is a disgusting example of out-of-control Media manipulation to push his hollow candidacy and Trump-brand. There is no journalism remaining in the USA to give intelligent analysis on anything.	15
"Mr. Trump is a master manipulator, preying on the insecurities of others. Some of us can see through his games. Let us hope enough of us can come November. "	15
Women will have a stark choice in November. They can vote for a pig or they can vote for a woman who has spent her life working on behalf of women. Any woman who votes for Trump should check herself into a mental health facility because she has demonstrated unimaginable self-loathing.	15
"Hes an ignorant, amoral, dishonest and manipulative, misogynistic, philandering, hyper-litigious, isolationist, protectionist blowhard,Mr. Vlock said it.  It's worth repeating, again and again.  "	15
It's like you guys are TRYING to get Trump elected.  This is very embarrassing.  Trump needs to go. We all know that.  But this article was a pathetic hit piece way beneath the Times standard. You're playing directly into Trump's hands.	15
"The maniacs who support the small-fingered vulgarian will still defend him when he shoots someone on Fifth Avenue, especially if it were a NYTimes reporter. Trump has already foreseen this. He's a prophet who sees a profit in the stupid voter. He knows how to get the stupid vote. He loves the stupid vote. And they love him back."	15
"5 percent unemployment ignores those who unwillingly left the job market. Other statistics show that 47 percent of families can't handle a $400 emergency and over 70 percent live paycheck to paycheck. ""Quiet strength of the economy..."" You've got to be kidding. It's the economy stupid."	15
"If you are a patriotic American, you can not support a lunatic like this.Are you a republican or an American?Trump might actually get us into a nuclear war"	15
"Hillary has seven (7) Super Pacs.  She'll get nothing done in her first term, much too busy working through the promises she made in return for the $$$ payola.  Just like her husband, who broke the hearts of the Democrats' beholden  homosexual base in his first term by giving them the cold shoulder, and then DOMA."	15
The tempest is indicative of society today. It's all about the money in both the Presidential election and the film. No one cares as long as they can work out how to get rich from it. The damage it does to society is completely irrelevant. This little brouhaha is indicative of the way we do business today in the US. The people in charge are greedy charlatans and the rest of us are left holding the bag.	15
"Are you for real ? The guy is taking in $1 billion from puppet master donors, and these frauds are just going to launder their donations to Trump through the DNC. If you think these dudes aren't going to give Trump money in return for favors, you are not paying attention to how this is working. "	15
"Trading in the stock market is, in and by itself a form of gambling. To add to it illegitimate insider trading is, outright theft. It is outrageous and disgusting. No wonder Bernie Sanders is so popular. I am sick and tired of the rich and famous abusing the system. This has got to stop if we don't want the real revolution a la Marie-Antoinette."	15
"I read it. The mask is off. The phony Bernie supporters true colors are shown --- a Trumpeter all along. I've been calling you out as a phony for months and you denied denied denied. Now you reveal yourself as a pro-Trump phony. ""Of course, you won't print this. You won't even read it."""	15
As opposed to idiot Dems electing a felon awaiting indictment? I would rather see a womanizer who did NOT break the law than a proven liar who thinks she is above the law!	15
Sorry but just because this woman was flattered Mr Trump wanted to see her in a bikini rather than offended doesn't make the story less true and it certainly doesn't make it less appalling! This man disgusts me.	15
"@kristinab: nobody says there are not poor people, or those having ""hard times"".But if you are poor in the US, you get food stamps. And a child gets the same allotment as an ADULT MAN -- a very generous sum for a small child. You could feed two elementary age children for maybe $50 a week for both of them! and they'd eat very well. Then add in that school gives them FREE breakfast and FREE lunch -- 10 meals out of 21 meals.So there IS NO EXCUSE."	15
"Hahaha!  Are you joking?  Boy, you bought the Clinton propaganda hook, line, and sinker.  When he was unfaithful?  He's been unfaithful their entire marriage.  He's also been accused of sexual assault multiple times.  To stay with him through that makes Hillary and enabler; not someone who's courageous."	15
Today's dire news for all the economic ignoramuses. These people are so on another planet it's laughable.https://finance.yahoo.com/news/low-supply-plagues-spring-housing-1342383...	15
"please everyone VOTE--- Let's make him a ""Loser"" -- the most painfulending he could experience. Can you imagine?  Trump----Loser!!Doesn't that make you smile?"	15
"The liberal media are seething angry that they can not manipulate the voters and control this election the way they have gotten used to.   So now they are determined to wear down Trumps support with numerous daily disparaging ""news"" items, spinning everything possible in a negative way.  Liberal hate is unrelenting!"	15
"Contrary to that flawed assumption of this NYT hit piece,   most voters couldn't care less about Trump's personal behavior as a private citizen, especially after a President Bill Clinton.Voters can also make a distinction between Trump's behavior with individual women and the over-generalized smear that Trump treats ALL women the same as these individuals whom the NYT dug up from his past. "	15
"How can anyone seriously discuss this issue of obscenely rich patrons financing candidates without addressing the primary purpose for which the money is given, which is to brainwash the American people further through trite, mendacious and misleading TV ads and media presentations, and to manipulate and buy the politicians in whose names those ads are aired to an all too easily misled electorate."	14
Ms Brewer has already come out saying her comments were completely twisted and misrepresented. She was quite angry about it and said NYT lied. Obviously this is a hit piece meant to help Hillary. Shameless... this was once a reputable paper right?	14
"Arizona just reduced its allowable time on welfare to ONE year, its 3rd such reduction since 2010.  Can you say, ""border state, and broke.""?  Watch how heavily it votes for The Fence, and the man who will oversee its construction, paid by Mexico."	14
"Thanks goodness that these republican leaders have principles that actually guide their conduct, unlike the elected sort who are proving themselves to be total weasels."	14
"The GOP is still trying to buy elections. Nothing is changed. I know you want Democrats to just lie down and take it, and if they don't you will try to convince the sheep that they are hypocrites. Just because the GOP is bribing the refs, doesn't mean that the Dems can't show up and play the game ..."	14
"But I suppose that you approve of rapist Bill Clinton and his enabler wife, right? Trumps makes a few remarks and you're shocked and appalled, but a real rapist and his wife are campaigning for the WH (again) and that's fine with you. Sorry, who is a hypocrite? Look in the mirror."	14
"Mr. Trump charged $1.5 million per speech on his real estate tactics in the past.  Are you interested in what was worth so much?  Or in his role as 'educator' in the Trump University fraud (not accredited, no legitimate degrees granted, just money raked in)?"	14
Just more proof that the fix is in and that there are several tiers of justice in the USA. A young black kid shoplifting a dollar candy bar gets more jail time than a white guy in a suit and a Yale MBA who steals millions and gets a house in East Hampton.	14
"Go Ellen!!  The misogynist wing of the Republican right our out in force this morning. I guess worrying about an female ghostbusters ""trumps"" worrying about the idiosy of a candidate for President that wants gun free zones everywhere, denies climate change and wants to deport 11 million people, build a wall and give ""nukes"" to everyone. Yeah women in a Ghostbusters movie that's what's really important."	14
"so Brewer Lane says she was misrepresented here? but, note that she has not claimed she was misquoted! she's Trump's ex, and a supporter of his campaign, and no one near her warned her about the NYT being ""liberal""? she doesn't sound bright.but, that's the sexism of Trump: surround himself with ignorant but beautiful models (all desperate for fame and money), rather than normal intelligent women."	14
"Oh, the ironies you'll see! The Trumpster-in-the-dumpster without the almighty dollars to perform?! Plus, the most populist campaigns from candidates (one reasonably civilized, one not) maybe ever, may result in an uninspired, lackluster, middle-of-the-road capitalist sneaking in the side door to the West Wing. Wowser!"	14
"Well this is good I suppose the the faltering NYT has so little to do, so maybe do a full expose' about Shrillary and her enabling of her pervert, the Bubba........Really does anyone take this crap personally?..... People have lives, all kinds of people in all kinds of circumstance....grow-up...."	14
"Came here to read about the  lies, that was exposed this morning. no credibility, no real journalist but it is a very entertaining piece. You should be change your name to New York Entertainment Times because this is not real news Lol"	14
"I'm shocked that Donald Trump likes hot chicks. Amazing.Maybe next you could look at Bill Clinton's treatment of women, and how Hillary has stood by him through that?"	14
"But the movie looks awful. That's why it is being trashed. For example, look at the joke Leslie Jones makes when she is not caught after jumping off stage. Would that have fit in the orginal Ghostbusters. No it is a clear attempt to use gender or race issues to create humor. This is not funny or Ghostbusters"	14
"WRONG!  Times advertisers are salivating over how popular this article is!  How many comments it's getting!   All those pro-DT posters, you're making bucks for the NYTimes!I love it!"	14
"Just more proof that he does whatever he thinks is in his own best interest  Gee, hiring smart capable women to top positions who he know will work hard thanks to institutional sexism, what an awful, horrible move for him.  Especially if it helps his business stay afloat so that he can sign the paychecks (little details that government workers don't have to worry about as much, true).   19 trillion dollars, and counting! Wheee!!!!"	14
"Ever comment he's made on you?  You mean like, ""I love Mexicans.""?  He has not said one derogatory thing about Mexican people.  I challenge you to prove me wrong.  You're confusing his comments about illegal aliens."	14
"This column belongs in the Museum of Useless Knowledge or The Journal of Negative Results. At most, it says there is not sufficient evidence to support the claim that eating breakfast brings  beneficial efforts.  A long walk for a small beer."	14
"So glad that some of them see that he is totally unsuitable for any elected office much less the Presidency.   He is an arrogant, crude, low information, man boy bully who thinks the Nuclear Triad is a difficult series of holes on one of his golf courses.  If he debates Hillary, she will mop the floor with him and all he will do is call her names."	14
"Biased studies?? Say it ain't so ! I have concluded that most, if not  all, studies are biased, reporting only what the authors/sponsors want the audience to believe.  Eat when you're hungry ? What a novel idea. Thank you Professor Obvious. "	14
"More nonsense science from the Times, reading medical studies and diet articles here will only confuse or even make readers crazy. Editors at the Times have never encountered a study they did not want to publish."	14
"Of course anyone who has more money than me -- without a doubt in my mind -- obtained it illegally!!! Otherwise, how could they get it, and not me???My goodness. Is everyone else as stupid as what they write on the NYUT Comments blog?"	14
Clinton was dumb enough to fall for Turmp's gun-baiting rhetoric.She prob just cost herself a million votes in the general election blabbering about gun control.  She's making it really easy for conservative Dem's to skip voting this time around.  Let the rabid liberal entitled feminists battle it out at the voting booth with Turmp's poorly educated gun loving red meat proxy.	14
"The only one deciding is the individual voter, and overwhelmingly for Trump.  What is the GOP front office needed for?  To prop up the Welfare State like the DNC does?  Donald's not been bought and sold in the political fever swamps like the Clinton Dynasty for 25 years now.  "	14
"Men & their rule have ruined this planet. It is time for women to give it a try. I'm pretty sure money & politics will ruin their efforts too, but I am all or it.As for the new Ghostbuster's -  doesn't really mater whether it was a man or a woman who thought of the idea - it is nothing more than another money grubbing unnecessary reboot. I'm not watching it because there is no reason to."	14
"I'm shocked. I had no idea men weren't suppose to see a woman as attractive and worthy of saying so. I'm a Canadian, and if this is the way men are now suppose to approach women something is seriously wrong with this world.Donald Trump in my book is all man.  Good  for him. "	14
"This article was not ""Fit to Print"".I am not a Trump supporter but if this smear attack based on virtually nothing is the worst the writers could discover,he might be a saint."	14
"Anyone who doesn't know that the industrial food they shovel into themselves and their kids contains tons of highly processed sugar among all kinds of other bad things is willfully ignorant, you can't possibly be unaware of it unless you want to be."	14
Jail time - long term jail time - is the only solution for the thieves and crooks and embezzlers who run the banks and Wall Street companies. And jail time for the leaders - like DImon and Cohen and Blankfein - who claim ignorance. They set the tone. If they are truly ignorant of what goes on in their companies then they should be fired - no parachute - as incompetent.	14
"CLOSE LOOPHOLES That enable insider traders and their reckless flaunting of fiscal responsibility.  The gamblers with the nation's financial markets perpetrate economic terrorism, enabled by the banksters who make powerful partners in crime.  I hope that Obama will have generated a pile of Executive Orders protection Homeland Security by increasing economic stability with whatever powers the Executive and the Commander in Chief can muster.  "	14
"These two writers have the audacity to go on CNN and stand by their stories, refuse to apologize to Ms. Brewer Lane. I don't mind that. But their voices are shaking, they're embarrassing themselves. They look nervous as hell. http://www.cnn.com/videos/politics/2016/05/16/michael-barbaro-megan-twoh..."	14
"Oh great, here come the paleo nutters to lecture us about their pasture-raised bacon, coconut oil, and intermittent fasting. They can't resist the siren song of a nutrition article in the NYT."	14
Of course some will not donate money. Their donations are intended to buy influence for their crony capitalism ambitions. That is how they became wealthy in the first place. So why give money to someone who they think can not be bought. Hillary can be bought so her political ideology is irrelevant. Give Hillary the money. She is a proven crook.	14
So sad to read the comments from the drumph supporters. They actually believe  in this obviously  mentally ill man. He's all smoke and mirrors. The fact that he has got this far shows the ignorance of the electorate. I'm not a fan of Hilary but this  guy is clearly nuts.	14
"Trump is clearly a sexist womanizer who looks at women as objects first, people second. And while that's not exactly new news, it's good to see it chronicled and looked into a bit more in depth.Now let's dig into his business dealings and tax returns!"	14
" Seriously -- Trump has demeaned women in general as well as specific women -- calling them ""dogs,""---------------------------""Only Rosie O'Donnell.""  Give the devil his due, Democrat."	14
Shocking!  Just more proof that studies are often nonsense.And for the benefit of a profiteer or opportunist.  We're being lied to24/7.  We can trust no one. Ugh.	14
"The times will keep pumping it until people go anyway, like they did ""Hamilton"", which was the typescript Ellsworth Toohey picked out of the wastebasket and said people will pay eight-eighty a ticket for the hit of the season, even though it stunk."	14
"I see you're in the delusional group...not about winning, about doing just fine.  The GOP power elite who are getting on the Trump Train are doing so because they think it will behoove manipulating and controlling him.  Same things that the politicians thought about Stalin and Hitler."	14
"How amazing.  A New York Times that gave Bill Clinton a pass, ignoring his gross conduct with females and his wife as she covered, lied, and destroyed accusers' reputations, has now taken a keen interest in Donald Trump's sexual predation.  The double-standard is breathtaking.  Whited walls.  I won't vote for Trump, but this type of hypocrisy and bias is why people don't trust the Times."	14
"Ha ha ha. Nutrition and food sciences are anything but. Reasonable people should skip and get on with eating and enjoying everything in moderation, as the concept may apply to them. Meanwhile let these ""scientists"" keep coming up with dubious claims in order to justify their own existence."	14
"Sheldon Aldeson's investment just took a hit. Really? That the racist, neo-Mussolini, Trump is also sexist? I am shockedshockedto find that sexism is going on in here!  Apparently there is too much inertia for the GOP to avoid crashing onto the shoals---wonderful. "	14
"I read the article and I watched the CNN and Fox News Reporting of this article.  Two women you interviewed NYT claim this was a hit piece.  Trump is not the story of this article.  Your reporting is NYT.  For shame.  If I wanted more salacious drivel, I would have read the NY Post and learned about Bill Clinton's courtesan."	14
"I see Bernie and his dreamers living in a fairy tale hoping that when they wake up, all they have dreamed about would come true: Free education, free healthcare, and to pay for all these, a tree behind Bernie's backyard growing money. Bernie, think about it - you can save the whole world!"	14
"Who cares?  Donald Trump never had any traction with the elites anyway.  He doesn't really represent their interests and they are scared although they don't want to admit it.Donald Trump has taken positions that benefit the large majority of citizens and voters.  The voters will step up if needed, and fund his campaign, while Hillary can always call her pals on Wall Street.  The difference is stark.  And the voters know who is less ""bought."""	14
"If you look at other news outlets, it will make you question the motives and accuracy of this piece. Too bad the NYT can't be more impartial.They jumped WAY out front in endorsing Hillary. Now, they seem more like a scandal sheet in their biased unapologetic support of her and every reporting aspect of the election."	14
"This is tabloid journalism at it's finest, ranking right alongside the National Enquirer. The first person quoted in the article has already said the whole thing is a lie, that Trump was a perfect gentleman to her, and that she is voting for him. You must be so proud of yourselves to publish this garbage."	14
Women who exploit every little thing said by a male boss are the reason women are not hired as often as men. Some model put on a bikini at his request and then she dated him- sounds like she was really upset. A woman was told she likes candy yet she continues to work for him. These women are just trying to be relevant.	14
It is amazing how Trump's grass roots supporters  have no care or relationship to truth. He has already walked back most of the childish bombastic things he has said so he is not the pig they loved and thought he was.I AM PAYING FOR MY OWN CAMPAIGN. NO ONE WILL OWN ME.  BLA BLA BLA.  His arm is stretched out so far for those dollars he is like silly putty!	14
"NYT; out of step, probably purposefully, with the plight of the middle class.As long as Wall Street and Silicon Valley are doing well, then this paper declares that all is well with the economy and the rest of us be Damned!"	14
"It's relevant because Hillary, who IS running for President, destroyed, harassed and intimidated his victims and stayed with him in a sham ""marriage"" only for her own political and financial gain. Try to keep up. The two of them are partners in crime- literally."	14
Are you kidding? You must not have been alive for the ridiculous impeachment trial of Clinton. Good god. Hard to believe the GOP vile hatred at the time- Irony points for Hastert for being a molester of young guys and Gingrich for cheating while chastising about cheating.	14
"Prof. Coffee complains that judges ""rarely update law to fit new circumstances."" Wow. I thought it was the function of the legislative branch to update laws. And this guy is teaching at Columbia Law? Shame. "	14
Typical screaming and yelling on the DeGeneres show will occur.So predictable and boring.   It has the only redeeming grace ofof giving away money now and then.  Hillary will stop atnothing to get attention at this point.  How many realissues will be discussed on this show?  Don't hold your breath.Women deserve better.	14
"We don't know if Trump is a billionaire for sure ( he might have a lot of debts) , but WE DO KNOW HE IS A FAKE, A SWINDLER. He  borrows money and  won't pay as he bankrupts. Has swindled our treasury -  IRS by using loopholes that are abusive. He "" brings jobs to America"" by  bringing foreigners with H visa, so he pays them 25- 30% less,  robbing  US citizens of their  honest work"	14
"Personally I believe you should be executed for the blasphemy that you just spewed. Nothing gets my day started off right like some crispy bacon and eggs straight from the stove. Breakfast is a way of life, a religion if you will. And you just violated everything that is holy about it. As a result I think you need to pay with your life, but again that's just what I'm thinking."	14
"Let's BUST THOSE GHOSTS of the past, i.e., men who seem to hate women and the movie biz that has been boring me to death with primarily male oriented fare. I have millenial kids of both genders and a feminist husband. I'm a professional woman. I can't wait to see this movie and to see Ellen do the separate interviews.  "	14
"Why does a ""hospital executive"" have this kind of money? Articles like this make me look up from the tines of my pitchfork to these peoples' necks and back again."	14
"It's no wonder that this once great newspaper, which actually reported the real news, not their leftist agenda, is going down the tubes, just like the Washington Post and Boston Globe!!! If only they reported the truth on the corrupt Clintons and their ties to foreign campaign contributions from human rights abusers like China, and anti woman Arab states!  "	14
"The dietitians really don't know a damned thing, do they? Much of the field appears to be based on junk science, much of it funded by special interests. No wonder they keep changing their minds about so many major issues (recentlycholesterol and fat,) Some fields are just intellectually poor -- first rate scholars rarely go into them and research standards are low. Education is one of these and dietetics is another.              "	14
"The new policy will give sugar companies and corn processors, who are critical of it, a golden opportunity to increase sales by highlighting the 'strong' research demonstrating the direct health benefits of consuming the sugary additives they sell. No wait, there is none. Nada. Zippo. Zero. Absolutely none."	14
"Hillary Clinton is a great example for teenage girls: 1) of what many in this country do to tear down strong, intelligent, accomplished women, and 2) how strong, intelligent, accomplished women persevere. Tom, you have drunk the right-wing koolaid about Mrs. Clinton. They've been serving it for over 25 years. If you hear something often enough it starts to sound believable. Unless you're paying attention."	14
Blasting McCain was 100% correct. McCain is a stooge of the weapons industry. He wants war like others want to go to cinema. Whoever brings this evil man to his justified size is a REAL hero.	14
"The only mystical power that I would need would be to read this garbage without laughing.  This article continues to perpetuate the myth that ""what we should eat be such a mystery"".  There is no mystery.  There is no confusion.  If you think it is a mystery or if you feel confused about what you should eat, then you want to be.  And by the way, the stuff in the photo is not food.  If you think it is, then there's your problem."	14
"Yes.  He's like a volcano, fueled by a fiery core of lava.  Ready to blow open our civil society, leaving a blackened landscape of nothingness.The bully must be banished from the political scene.  Come November."	14
"Clearly, their hearts are torn.  HIllary is the real Republican candidate in this race, and they know it.  David Koch knows it.  The sponsors of the Democratic National Convention know it.Corporate America Party.  Yippee.You vote for it.  I'm sticking with Bernie Sanders."	14
"I personally have nothing good to say about Donald Trump, nor would I vote for him. However, this story has been featured prominently for two days now on the front page of the online edition of the New York Times. In the name of impartial and ethical journalistic impartiality and ethical journalism, how about a similar article about the way Hillary Clinton has treated "	14
"SandyG, did you ever stop to think that the $1.00/year may be a smart tax approach that any accountant would recommend?  This wasn't to demean, but rather to avoid double taxation.  Please SandyG, get your facts straight before you slander."	14
"RNC Chairman says that ""nobody cares""!  That shows the low class and lack of  principles of these GOP characters.  I care and everybody should care about the traits of a presidential nominee.  He is trying to put everybody in the same plane as the dumber of the Trump's supporters to see how many would give Trump  passes for behavior unbecoming a candidate.  "	14
"He cares nothing about the GOP base!  Except for their genuflection and hymn singing on his behalf.  His hymn:  ""How Great Am I!"" (Sung to the tune of ""How great thou art"")As he sings:  Me! Me! Me!  (Like a Diva)"	14
"Trump is dangerous inside our borders and outside.  Being intelligent, thoughtful, and having the ability to protect our country are not mutually exclusive (see Barack Obama).  Unfortunately, Donald Trump is neither intelligent nor thoughtful.  He's a dangerous fascist who thinks he's always right and acts before thinking.  That, my friend, make him utterly dangerous."	14
"Trump is clearly a narcissist struggling to find his male identity.  His preoccupation with sex and beautiful women shows a very flawed character of one not even fit to be elected dog catcher.  Putin sees this and has been exploiting Trump's vulnerabilities hoping that he be elected POTUS, Putin will then use him to make the United States the laughing stock of all nations.   "	14
"Wow, if this were bill clinton everybody would be cheering him on.   Bill clinton destroyed womens lives, reading this, i dont see it, a lot of mis alignment of the truth.That said, lets keep our eyes on Hillary Clinton on her mistreatment of men, especially those she killed in Benghazi !"	14
"Why cant a regular person be a ghostbuster?It seems like Sony has a dumb plot and a dumbed-down movie.  What is a ""regular person""?  Why can't scientists and professionals be ""regular persons""?Of course, if one's goals is to entertain through caricatures, than such questions are irrelevant.What's next?  Perhaps, the Pope will be recruited to act the life of Martin Luther?"	14
"The nation has already heard a plethora of positively chauvinistic contemptuous comments Trump has said about women. He is an uncouth lout, a small-fingered vulgarian who bullies anyone who gets in his way. Unfit to be president? Good God, this guy's unfit to be let loose among the human race.DDManhattan"	14
"If this makes Trump 'put up or shut up' --great. His claim to being  uncorruptible can be tested.Frankly- the way Megyn Kelly made a stealth conquest, leading him to rollover when vaguely flattered, he is completely corruptible without donor pressure. Trump will be influenced by his 'gut' reaction to a passionate neo con or Ayn Randian. With no intellectual rudder, he will be blown by the last gust of gusto he hears !"	14
"How dare this willful candidate persist in his campaign?Did he not get the memo!WaPo, NYT and the Guardian had a meeting and decided, for our own good, that HIllary Clinton and Donald Trump are the candidates that they want to report on.All of this messy business about waiting until every state has cast their ballots before deciding on the candidates is just a distraction. "	14
"What an insult to our intelligence. The thought that this would make us think less of Bernie Sanders and enhance our willingness to support Hillary Clinton instead. The effect, of course, ist just the opposite."	14
Trump the big braggart how rich he is and  self-funding -  let him liquidate his wealth  and pay for his own campaign since he says he is not bought and paid for.  Let's face it - if you his supports really think he is going to pay for his campaign - I am sure there is a New York bridge or two he will be happy to sell you.	14
People are actually falling for Drumph's  vulgar rants as some kind of maverick outsider schtick. Amazing. He'll say anything and mostly it's just awful	14
Bill Clinton committed perjury.  Fact!  Perjury is a crime.  Fact!  The constitution states a president can be impeached if he commits high crimes or misdemeanors.  Fact!  He also committed said perjury to subvert the justice of a woman he sexually harassed.  Fact!  How was the impeachment ridiculous?  Do you like our presidents to be lawbreakers?	14
"Well, Sony is at it again, mixing politics with what it perceives as humor.  Last time, it was ""The Interview"", and we know what happened there. I wonder whose dirty underwear will get hacked this time around?"	14
"The NYT continues to circle the drain.  Are you guys that stupid that you haven't figured out by now that this kind of reporting emboldens and increases Trump's support?  If I didn't know better, I'd say you were trying to get him elected."	14
"There could be a dozen Pulitzer Prizes awaiting the politically independent reporter willing to work and interview witnesses about the tragic order from ___? for the U.S. military to stand down and not save lives during the Benghazi attack. Instead, what's left of The Times wants to scare its statist liberal readers out of voting for Mr. Trump, while ignoring the War on Women conducted by the Clintons over the past 40 years. "	14
"Why do Republicans have to lie?  Why does Congress spend millions upon millions of dollars on hearings of Bengazhi and the ACA and Hillary's emails when they have been proven futile?  Why ?  We know why, don't we...it is an election year."	14
"Bill Clinton was not impeached. Check your facts.Also, Clinton impeachment hearings were run by really upstanding REPUBLiCAN men like newt (cheated multiple times on his wife) and hastert (pedophile) and Livingston (cheated on wife also)."	14
"The mere fact you'd suggest such a thing shows how out of touch you are with basic constitutional principles.  You wonder how we got here? Obama and liberals like you is why we're here.  Tired of crony capitalism, tired of relative morality, tired of blatant hypocrisy, tired of MSM dumping on every conservative, and supporting ppl like Clinton and Obama, ad nauseum."	14
"There is nothing about Donald Trump that isn't execrable. This story, however, is a despicable witch hunt, not worthy of the NYT readership. As disgusted by the story as I am by Trump."	14
"Seriously?  Is this what the NYT considers front page news? Is this how the nyt (lower case-not a typo) will cover this candidates bid for the Presidency? Did nyt cover former President Clintons alleged ""bimbo eruptions"" in a similar fashion? Trump may win for the same reason Clinton won: it's all about the economy. Get in the game nyt, get in the game."	14
I have lost all respect for what was a credible newspaper........politics replaced policy and the result was one of the most embarrassing and contrived articles in newspaper reporting!It's a sad day for what was a newspaper of stature. The future of the paper may lie in comic strips..........at least the laughter would be earned!	13
"They [NY Times] told me several times and my manager several times that it would not be a hit piece and that my story would come across the way that I was telling it and honestly, and it absolutely was not. - Rowanne Brewer-Lane May 16, 2016.When will Obama liberals learn?O' what a tangl'd web we weave,When first we practice to deceive."	13
"My, my, look at the reactions here. People calling out the NYT for illustrating Trump's contempt for over HALF the population. Sorry, folks; it's important to psychoanalyze the man at the most fundamental level. Policies? They're malleable. This stuff, though, is fundamental."	13
"The Donald says he doesn't care about donors.Not so with the total GOP package because they have Congressmen and state leaders to keep up their warpath.  Donald could really care less about that.  It's basically me, me, me with him."	13
Is that all you have on Trump? He did not rape or molest anyone did he? He did not hire private eye's to destroy any woman who rejected him did he? Why not look into what Hillary did to the women who Bill had any relationships with including those he raped. Hillary said women who are raped should be believed. Does she believe Juanita Broderick or the others?	13
"I'm not suprised that a man like him would have stories like this. Trump is a sexist that doesn't  quite know that he is harming these women. He may think he is an encouraging person but really, he is a horrible person. It's a shame that such man is running for president in the Unites States."	13
"The NYT puts 20 hit-man on Trump and the first article they come out with is already completely discredited by the main person they misquoted saying They spun it to where it appeared negative. I did not have a negative experience with Donald Trump, Rowanne Brewer LaneNow the 20 hit-man know that everything the write will be discounted and not believed. Great move"	13
Did you actually read the article?  If you read the article it's pretty balanced.  If Trump actually had positions and policies developed perhaps the media could cover those.	13
"The only people who don't think the economy is an issue are those inside the Beltway and those on the Upper East Side.  The anger of the average American has everything to do about this election - from the economy, to the corruption in Government at every level to the corporations who now own America and our Government."	13
"So the picture of the Donald is not one that most mothers would want their daughters to date.  Three marriages marred by multiple affairs and he is going to attack Bill Clinton?   Hypocrisy, thy name is Trump."	13
"No, not that, Mr. Bill!  Donald as Capt. Queeg?  But only because Capt. Bligh was not an American, and thus inapt for analogizing.From my P.O.V. the Manhattan mogul is more redolent of Gen. Grant replacing a hack named McClellan, with the bonus that Gen. Trump is a teetotaler.  "	13
"None of this matters. Trump will win because Hillary will lose. She puts her foot in her mouth weekly, and is the most uninspiring and despised Democrat to run in my 68 years. There has been a political revolution, and Citizens United has been overturned by the people. It is rallies that matter now.Trump has momentum.Of course, you won't print this. You won't even read it."	13
"The top 5-10% are doing well enough for airline travel, apparently. That and the fact that everyone saves money by dragging their belongings through the xray instead of checking a bag is causing the huge delays. Everyone else drives, now that gas is relatively cheap. So there's that, John from The Hartford."	13
"Now caught in misleading innuendo that is a bold faced lie, how does the NYT plan on reclaiming even the slightest credibility during this presidential campaign? You smeared the words and intent of a woman, so what kind of woman's rights advocate can your paper be?"	13
"In a society that relegates sex to a commodity, women are complicit, using their attributes to their advantage.  Are the women vulnerable or are they brokers for their own power?  20 years of psycho-therapy is just ludicrous. I am very suspicious of those voices crying as victims.  I am also suspicious of the veracity in this article.  All of the women here had choices.  Ambition has it's inherent risks especially for women in business.  "	13
"After reading this, are there still citizens who think this man should be President??   A person who thinks and behaves this way is not suited to the Presidency. "	13
No ammunition is needed. It's pretty obvious to everyone EXCEPT liberals that the media is biased against conservatism. But this article is great proof of it.	13
Nobody enabled a huge amount of any sort of behavior. Get your metaphors in their proper order and your grammatical errors checked at the border please.	13
"I just re-read the article reporting on Trump's mockery of McCain's capture and time spent being brutalized in an enemy prison. I'm glad I had the opportunity to review it. Even to my liberal eyes, McCain WAS a hero, and an inspiring symbol of ""the American Way."" It was not Trump's first foray into cretinism and certainly hasn't been or won't be his last. Thanks for reminding me, NY Times employee who burnishes the blue leap-back pencil."	13
"Growth is lukewarm, but it has been consistent enough to create hundreds of thousands of new jobs.. Really?!10 MILLION jobs have been created since Obama got in, notwithstaning the two years of tailspin economy that Bush created.For over 5 years, they're being created at a pace averaging 2 million annually!"	13
"The people who find Donald Trump's behavior so abhorrent are people who are uncomfortable with take-charge men. Well, guess what? The President of the USA had better be a take-charge guy. He says what he thinks and he lives in the world of tangible things. If he even does a fraction of the things he has promised to do he'll be the best president of the past 50 years. "	13
"So a bunch of Hedge Fund operators don't want Trump.  Maybe because Trump said that ""Carried Interest"" the beloved tax scheme these Hedge Fund players use is a scam.  Another reason to like Trump."	13
"Can Donald's words be trusted?  Self-funding and the Wall were all ideas to get your votes, after that he is free to do whatever he wants. The  supreme court nomination may be just another bone he is throwing out as the most successful prime-time reality TV host.  ""Fool me once, shame on you. Fool me twice, shame on me"	13
The women interviewed for this smear campaign have complained that their stories were misrepresented.Will the NYT be hunting down the women that Hillary demonized after they came forward with complaints of being  sexually abused and harassed by Bill?	13
"I think nutrition science is the most unscientific discipline of all, and therefore the most faith-inspiring. No matter what I eat in the company of others, someone is going to feel very strongly about some aspect of my diet. And many will voice their feelings. Will we all end up eating (or skipping meals) alone, to avoid being judged? "	13
"It's hugely entertaining to see how the tenor of the anti-Trump comments has changed since he first appeared on the campaign trail.  Comical dismissals have given way to nail-biting scenarios of how his Presidency will affect the Democrat underclass and their captive politicians.  Looks like Obama's 3rd term is anathema, eh? "	13
"I and the nation heard what Trump had to say about women, from Rosie O'Donnell to Megyn Kelly to Carly Fiorina. As a reader of SPY Magazine three decades ago the same stories about Trump were there in abundance. The guy was, is and will be a bona fide chauvinistic slob. He reeks of objectifying women his entire adult like. Trump is a jerk.DDNYC "	13
I just watched Ms. Lane being interviewed on TV. She says this article in NYT is a lie and based on lies. She had and has no problem with Trump. She plans to vote for him. It is too bad that the NYT no longer has any interest in accurate reporting and has become a propaganda machine for the Democratic Par.ty	13
"I'm sure all the people who engage in insider trading also do other unethical things such as lying. At least Ms. Stewart used her own money, and not other people's money. As for how to get away with insider trading. It's easy. The same way that the partners of Bernie Madoff's feeder funds did. They took in millions. My former neighbor only stole $196,000 - that's thousand -- and he had to do jail time."	13
"What do Hilary and this film have in common?  They've both been dissed by Don Juan Trump!  Who believes a woman should be ""seen"" and not heard - like his current wife.  (I'll give her this.  Likely his wife can play him.  But Hilary would wipe the floor with him!)"	13
"The burn is a loser.  He won't show his tax returns because he doesn't want any of his people to know how much money he had. Because money is bad.  Yet he's been on the American dole for the past 30 years.  His wife received $200,000 as compensation for school that went bankrupt.  his whole family profited from that fiasco .  he's lucky the millennial's never read a newspaper"	13
"You have to be kind of dumb to believe the conspiracy of women-haters nonsense.Maybe the trailer is disliked because the movie is a reboot of a beloved franchise with awful writing, PC-friendly jokes, and no edge to it. Get over yourselves."	13
"Yes, he's definitely creating a legacy for himself.  He can look forward to being in the history books as the socialist who got a fascist elected President.  "	13
"Mr. Thrump's accusations, that Sen. Clinton enabled her husband's bad behavior, are like those of rapists who blame the rape victim. They say the victim enabled because she was too pretty or she dressed provocatively. These accusations reflect Trump's low esteem of women and may provide some clue to why he's gone through so many wives. "	13
not a single conviction for this mountain of paper trying to skewer trump......the only ones who are gonna read this are those that were never gonna vote trump anyway.  thaks for the free air time.	13
"What people need to figure out is that the unskilled assembly line jobs that populated the Rust Belt are not coming back. Gone are the days when you could drop out of high school and get a job at GM or a coal mine and be well paid. And despite what Trump, and to a lesser extent Sanders, says to assuage the anger in the heartland, only good education will put you solidly in the middle class."	13
"Baloney! Most Amy's brand soups, prominently featured at all Whole Foods stores, have no added sugar, and I'm sure there are plenty of other brands for which the same is true. Why is this myth repeated ad nauseum in these comments? Added sugar is very easy to avoid at the grocery store."	13
"Ah, The NYT just cannot resist with their ""Trump porn"".Editor, enough wall to wall coverage of this buffoon.Why don't you dissect Trump's complete and utter lack of command on significant issues?Afraid you might get fewer CPM's?"	13
"I like Bernie, but for president he's a lightweight.I like Hillary, but she's carrying too much past excess baggage.I even like Donald, as a WWF and reality TV personality, but he's too much a dunce to trust in the White House.My advice: Vote NONE OF THE ABOVE.Better -  join the Dead Presidents Protest. Write in a dead president you respect in protest: Lincoln, FDR, JFK, Ronnie - Anone but the three now running. "	13
Lol no - part of the problem win someone like Trump is that it's impossible for women like Brewer Lane to oppose him because he'll smash them with the might of his money and legal team. To me that statement 100% sounds like she was paid off	13
"Stagnation of wages and salaries, and the steady disappearance of all but menial work, are precisely the issues driving the election this year. As usual, the media has missed this story because of its pre-occupation with polls and Trump. You might want to leave your Manhattan office and talk to people out here in flyover country, and you'll surely feel the anger and anxiety in middle class and professional families."	13
"If Trump knew the NYT was pursuing a piece about how he had mistreated women, how better to discredit the story than to enlist one of those women to feed them a sensational story and then later come out and claim she was mischaracterized. My guess is that the NYT got punked."	13
"The politics are irrelevant to me. I am not interested in the movie, not because of the all-female cast. That doesn't bug me. What does is that they're just going to do a remake. I mean how out of gas is Hollywood anyway? Movies, especially on a teacher's salary. aren't cheap. I took my wife and son to see the new Star Wars flick and the tickets were almost $40. If Hollywood wants my money, they're going to have to try harder. "	13
"There are some movies that just should not be remade.  Given the original cast, this is one of them.  The trailer is just terrible, I don't care who is in it.  Everyone needs to get over the gender kick and admit it was a stupid idea.Point Break was another, as was The Nina Turtles. Absolutely awful reboots. I don't get this whole remake streak lately.  How about coming up with some new and decent ideas instead?  "	13
I guess that the Times no longer publishes either honest journalism....or comments that disagree ....this hit piece which even your own quoted lead source says was a dishonest representation of her comments and the lack of dissenting comments below indicate a pattern of selection not representative of honest journalism.	13
Trump's ex-girlfriend didn't think Trump's asking her to put on a bikini within moments of first meeting her was offensive? What a surprise. But what else would you expect from someone capable of dating Donald Trump.	13
"I can't wait to read your in-depth analysis of Bill Clinton's treatment of women.  He may not be running for the Presidency but his wife is and I'd think it hypocritical if you reserve such an expose for Trump alone, since you're so concerned with this issue abusive treatment of women.  Rude language and sexist remarks pale in comparison to rape, don't you think?"	13
"Your expose' on Bill Clinton, no doubt, is almost ready to publish.   Compared to him Trump looks like a perfect gentleman.   And Hillary as enabler is going to overcome this how?   Looks like the NYTimes is about to endorse Trump based on treating women better than the Clinton machine.   I look forward to NYTimes abandoning its double standard.    "	13
"'Nutrition research' is an oxymoron. As you point out, it conflates association and causation all the time. The only part you forgot was a breathless media that constantly hypes this nonsense. "	13
"The only thing that will stop Bernie's efforts to make Trump president is a humiliating defeat in California. And given how deluded he is, even that might not stop him. "	13
"It is no surprise that intelligent people refuse to help fund the campaign of the moron Donald Trump.  His policies are insane across the board and he is totally unfit for the presidency or any other elective office in our government.  Kudos to all the smart donors, reasonable Republicans who wish to preserve their party, for shunning Trump.  We all need to work for a progressive Republican party and that means never Trump.  He is toxic."	13
"I read the whole thing.  Poorly written dreck yet featured on the front page.  Poor transitions, lack of context, an abrupt and strange ending.  I'm really starting to worry about the NYT."	13
"This this article mentions that donors have given millions of dollars to Republicans at the national level over the last four years.It doesn't mention what said donors thought that they got for their money. All I've seen, is the likes of Palin, Romney, Cantor and Boehner being run out of town.Sooner or later, wealthy people wise up. They didn't accumulate that wealth by throwing good money after bad."	13
"Where was all the outrage when they decided to ruin all of my favorite childhood movies by ""rebooting"" them? Seriously if you think Indy Crystal Skull, Jurassic World, or Star Wars 1,2 & 3 were any good, you need to have your head examined. I love the women cast in the new Ghostbusters, but I'd rather see them in something original then yet another cynical cash grab by the lazy studios."	13
And you expect us to believe that Trump who is a wheeler dealer of the first order has clean hands??Your allegations are mere suspicions with no proof whatsoever. If you're going down that road- then include your GOP brethren which would also include most of Congress.	13
"This article has more spin on it than a tennis serve. When you get down to the facts reported, there are few. As the lead source for the story has said she was misquoted and her story spun, I think the New York Times has crossed the line and ought to retract the story. Like him or hate him, I have seen no evidence that Donald Trump is sexist."	13
"Big Cow offers only his ""emotional intensity."" No proof, just dubious assertions.Years of scientific research are ignored just because he wants to ignore it. Brilliant."	13
One doesn't have to be a wealthy GOP donor to show Donald Trump the back of the hand.  I wouldn't give him a plug nickel if he were running against the dictator of Belarus.	13
"Trump wanted to play with the big kids instead of just a HS bully of grade school types. He's starting to get a taste but he's not seen anything yet! Bod Woodward who brought Nixon down seems to have something on Trump. Think organized crime, IRS, RAPE and things that will shock the world before it all comes out late summer and early fall on Trump. He wanted to play with Hillary so may the bully sees how it is when one PUSHES BACK HARDER! lol"	13
"Sony, here's a news flash: 'Ghostbusters' is just some movie. Hundreds of those come and go. The election of a president is a tad more consequential. Even in America. Either take the free publicity that Ms. DeGeneris is willing to offer you (and be thankful for it), or get lost, go away. "	13
"Kind of ridiculous.  Did you miss the Clinton impeachment by the GOP adulterers like Newt Gingrich and people like Hastert, the child molester?  There are many years of reporters and others examining Bill Clinton's affairs.  None of them rise to the abuse and disrespect that Trump has evinced for women."	13
"Judging by this article, the only way to approach a women is by walking on eggshells and being an over sensitive beta-male.. The claims made by this article have already been proven to be taken grossly out of context by most of these women!The ravenous appetite for victimhood, and the transparent bias of the media in this country is sickening.. TRUMP 2016!! Thanks for censoring my freedom of speech, NYT!"	13
"Today, I heard this hit article blew up in the face of New York Times.  I used to trust NY Times as a respected newspaper.  Now it is staffed by less than honest and sometimes clueless  journalists."	13
"Nice how the NYT publishes a article with such a vendetta against Trump, then hand picks comments they agree with and shove the ones they dont to the back. What a load of bunk, Trump was right the NY Times is dying and will be gone soon. Good riddance"	13
"I really like this idea. Get rid of the detail-infested and loophole-laden ""inside trading"" laws - maybe leave it to some general law that prohibits ""gross fraud on the people"" - and anyone holding inside information risks its value quickly deteriorating to de minimus. What a brilliant solution! So how do we get started?Oh wait. That'll never happen because we'd have to get rid of all the rot and decay in Washington first. Never mind."	13
"As an elementary school teacher for the past 20 years, I can tell you there IS a definite correlation between kids who don't eat breakfast and their ability to focus, pay attention, retain information and perform.  Growing bodies and minds need food at regular intervals. "	13
"Sorry....I've been a feminist for eons, but I can't feel sorry for Ms. Brewer. She agreed to date Trump after his piggish behavior, and got a brief taste of the good life with a narcissistic billionaire. Of course he was running the show."	13
"Don't know what tea leaves Mr. Eavis is looking at but it is about the economy.  Unless you are insulated in the Washington D.C. bubble, the economy has affected everyone from stagnant wages, fear of losing one's job, fear of retirement, fear, fear, fear.  That's why Trump has appealed to those who see who have lost so much and see no future and Sanders has appealed to those who have barely begun and see no future.  "	13
"Republicans like Democrats can see the writing on the many walls of Donald Trump - between the US and Mexico, Muslims, NATO, women.In bold letters, bumper sticker ready:   Dump Trump."	13
"So why, all you amateur if not professional social psychologists among us, if Trump is deemed repugnant by so many Comments here, is he nonetheless unquestionably leading the GOP field?What does this tell you about the mind-set of Americana?"	13
"Well in the real world, outside right wing media, people can be good in some ways and bad in some ways instead of cartoons of evil or good.But No, actually, to your point- he is continuing to treat women WITH ""the traditional 'double standard"" and hypocrisy"" because that is who Trump  actually is- and he has no problem with that. And that is why he will lose."	13
"Then, I would say you should vote for the party that promises to raise taxes on the wealthy (which doesn't include the middle class). That way, it will be other people's money being redistributed while your money goes to the military."	13
Biggest waste of print I've ever seen. Alert us when you have something on Trump that's worse than the modus operandi of our average Elephants or Donkeys. They are the ones that have dulled our ethical and moral senses. No one cares if he's a pig - we are used to that.	13
"I'm just sick and tired of 'reboots', period. I'm mildly offended by the use of women as a sort of novelty act, apparently not for any intrinsic value in plot or characterization but as a gimmick, 'hey looky! women!'Boot the reboots!"	13
"When trying to explain why any topic, no matter how far removed from the realm of politics, will be used by liberals as a springboard to flog their favorite issues, the word ""pathology"" comes to mind."	13
"The women ""reported"" on in this story have come out and told the entire world that this story is a complete fabrication. They did not say the things attributed to them and several are claiming defamation. The Times, apparently, is in a rave with the Wasington Post for that outhouse basement apartment of the journalism world. Shame on you."	13
"You remind me of Paul Begala, who's been eating crow since his remark on CNN in January 2016 that ""a Donald Trump candidacy would be a Godsend for Hillary.""Ha ha, garrulous Paul blushes when Don Lemon and Anderson now remind him of the perils of public Prophecy. "	13
The bias is showing.  And it's ugly and embarrassing for the NYT.  But unfortunately par for the course for this paper on reporting and editorializing on Trump.	13
"Can't wait for the article next month telling us the importance of eating breakfast.  Like salt is bad, then good.  Coffee is bad, then good.  Don't drink wine, then you should drink wine.  Fats are bad, fats are good.  I think I'll go eat something and think happy thoughts."	13
"What made the GOP ""leaders"" finally roll over for Trump? Sheldon Adelson's hint of a $100 million contribution to come. Proving that every Republican in Congress can be bought if the price is right."	13
"Donald Trump represents a danger to our country and to international stability. So, it doesn't help when the New York Times publishes dubious, poorly supported articles that are so easily assailed and seem to justify Trump's complaints about the press. It's no surprise that the sources are coming forward to challenge the way they were portrayed. "	13
"HA! Another bogus smear campaign. When you misquote someone at this point in the game, expect them to find another source to get their word out. You know...A.K.A. the truth?!Instead of Trumping up bogus stories, how about some equal time spent digging up the bones in your queens closet for all to read? "	13
This is why I support Bernie Sanders and oppose ....What navet !!.... Reread the article and understand the complexity. Think !The ballot box isn't some magic device and Bernie is no magician.Change is work....The 'Bern' so many feel is the collective searing effect of wishful thinking....	13
"The Times was foolish to run this article because the contrast between how they handle this issue between the two candidates is so glaring, and when one sees this article, they cannot help but to think of the omission of a corresponding article on the Clintons."	13
"I don't understand. Why would we need to start our own production company if Sony is already bankrolling women-led movies? And how do you know it's going to bomb, aside from your clear distaste for the ""PC crowd""?"	13
Why would yo believe anything these reporters say after they have been discredited? Mr. Brewer Lane was attending a pool party at Mar-a-Lago. Guests were swimming (it was a pool party). Ms. Lane did not have a bathing suit. A bathing suit was offered to Ms. Lane. Ms. Lane accepted. Ms Lane changed in to the bathing suit. Ms. Lane went swimming with the other guests. Sounds scandalous to me!	13
"Look up Edward Bernays, ""the father of public relations"" to learn how bacon and eggs became the All-American breakfast.  Bernays was hired by Beechnut Packing Company to help increase sales of bacon.  A nephew of Sigmund Freud, Bernays sought medical opinions/endorsements from 5000 physicians willing to endorse ""a heavier breakfast.""  Voila!  "	13
"So by all means punish Hillary over what her husband did!  Eight years ago I was here when people were attacking Obama, and I said that Obama would be one of the best presidents in history.  Now the only people who disagree are the ones who think he is the Anti-Christ and comes from Kenya.  I don't guarantee Clinton will be better than Obama, but she'll sure be better than anything the Republicans can come up with."	13
"What respect did Hillary show for the many women groped by her husband?  Or for the voters, whom she refuses to show her Wall Street speech transcripts?  Or the parents of the 4 dead Benghazi victims, whom she looked in the eye while bloviating that ""we'll get that video maker!"" -- a complete lie, knowingly.Send her back to Chappaqua, it's full of zaftig billionaires like her."	13
"Donald Trump was never going to finance the entire national election on behalf of the Republican Party. As far as lying goes, I distinctly recall Obama taking a public election finance pledge and promptly breaking his word a week later. Why isn't it lying when Obama does it? "	13
"He owned 3 casinos, and is telling the GOP to place its bets.  ""Put your money where your mouth is,"" grandees and doyennes.  ""Money talks, hand-wringing  walks.""  The party of Millicent Fenwick is no more.Smart boy to incentivize so many: 6000 new voters in Virginia, and 1000s more in New Hampshire -- Trump deserves a Nobel Prize for Civic Activism.  Only the Voting Rights Act enrolled more newbies."	13
"Please clarify. When he ""says it like it is,"" is that the random screed he emits on Monday, the clarification Hope Hicks sends out on Tuesday, or the entire reversal Trump adds on Wednesday? And for a guy who doesn't need money, he sure seems eager to get his hands on it. Do you actually read the news?"	13
"I guess that's the difference between those of us who have studied valid research techniques and statistical analysis, and those who have not. If you use only a sample set = 1 (yourself), your thesis will always be 100% correct.Mr. Carroll is trying to debunk research with his own opinion; not any vetted conflicting data. I'd expect to see this kind of ""information"" on a late night infomercial, not in the NYT.   "	13
"High fructose corn syrup has gotten a bad rapReally??Care to explain that and provide links to scientific studies that aren't corporate sponsored that show it's OK?   And, that it  somehow has different effects from other pernicious added sugars... Hope you're just an interested citizen and not an employee of Big Farming or the Corn Growers Association!  :-)"	13
So why does Clinton do so well in states where poverty has had a foothold for generations? Why are voters in this states not listening to Sanders's message? And why is it clearly visible that the oven door is open and one can plainly see a fork stuck in the roasted Sander's campaign and t's done!- what do you Bernies not get. Sanders is done. Cooked.	13
Vinny its half way a myth. In other words if you compare simply male to female then you are correct. But you are only correct because of my analysis. Attractive females aren more then men so they make up for the unattractive ones. I want you to compare unattractive females to attractive females and men. I am positive that you will see a pay gap amoung unattractive females who are equally as competent. I see it every day in corporate america.	13
"Maybe I'm missing something, but what in God's name is wrong with the thing starring women?(I am of the male persuasion.)Seriously, what's the deal? What did i miss? Has the wave of stupid sweeping over this country finally hit its peak?"	13
This is merely symptomatic of the type of flimsy journalism we are subjected to on a daily basis by an industry that can at times be more interested maximizing shareholder value rather one that pursues scientific and journalistic integrity.	13
"You wrote, ""Then again, some folks are eating eggs and bacon for breakfast, and that is not such a good thing"".Really ???Kindly show us some supporting, objective evidence for this opinion.  That is, evidence validated by independent workers having (a) Zero axes to grind and  (b) Zero financial attachments to any businesses selling food of any kind."	13
"Trump reminds me of the delusional character, General Jack Ripper, in ""Dr. Strangelove.""  Actor Sterling Hayden played the role and uttered the following:  ""Women sense my power and they seek...the life essence.""  A certifiable nut job wants to be President."	13
"What to do:  Drink the kool-aid or run for the jungle?  The trouble with a cult leader is that they will do whatever they feel like doing, no matter who gives them how much money. So, Trump bragged about self-funding.  If he has 10 billion, dropping 1 billion won't hurt.  He probably pays no taxes.  Maybe his Redhats can fund him.  They can buy season tickets to his rallys and raise money with tailgate parties and cross burnings."	13
"sethblink: ?NAFTA, Hundred of thousands of jobs move to China, and Mexico..Millions of Jobs in the USA moved over seas, due to Clinton, Hillary said just today she was putting Bill back in charge. What The Heck.Jobs are just starting to dwindle back from these over seas ventures and you want to renew. You think they run rings around Trump, They are what brought on the housing crisis. "	13
I suspect I am not the only woman for whom this article brought up painful memories. Many of us  have been in the difficult position of having a powerful boss make inappropriate advances. This man does not belong anywhere near the most powerful office in the free world.	13
"Really. We draw parallels to the current ""race"" from a remake swapping out female leads for males.NYTimes I'm a reader. Always. This, however you should be ashamed of."	13
"Geez, do these poorly educated white males like anyone, except John Wayne who avoided WWII or Trump who avoided Vietnam?  I agree with Jamakaya, these are four of the funniest women on earth.  What's not to like.  If Bill Murray is ok with it, I'm in.  Well, the white guys still have their guns.  And I'll vote for a woman come November.  WO1 USMC, Vietnam 1969-70."	13
"As if the guy working on the loading dock has money to invest?  Give me a break.  This is just another excuse for letting the rich insider benefit and when the info ""trickles down"" to Joe Citizen it will be way to late to benefit!"	13
"Why should anyone give Mr. Trump money when, according to him, he already has so much of it? It would be like bringing coals to Newcastle. Trump asserts that he has $10 billion so if he wants the White House real estate so badly, let him come up with a mere 10 percent of his net worth and try to buy it."	13
"As you know, Ms. Brewer Lane has attempted to distance herself from the comments attributed to her in this article, providing ammunition for Fox News and for Trump himself. Since she has broken faith with you, why not call her bluff and post the audio of your interview with her?(This should be SOP with sources who lie or try to weasel out of things they actually said.)"	13
Let's get this straight .... I am a Bernie supporter. I have been from the start. Right down to the campaign magnet on my auto. I have never ever been a Trump supporter. I was just commenting on his utter nonsense. Have to watch out for assumptions.	13
"Yes, DCB,Continue to stand behind this disgusting man; overlook every single thing that the rest of us know: those who continue to support him are nothing more than enablers of a man who is  UNFIT for office. "	13
"None of this matters. Trump supporters (men and women) don't care about the facts. They care about the image, the persona. This behavior fits the persona he projects. The best way to go after Trump is to use his thin skin against him."	13
"Trump outdoes himself for stupid on his comment on this tempest in a teacup. The first GB was made with four guys and nobody said anything. These are four of the funniest human beings on the planet, who cares if they're men or women when you're laughing? Give your tiny thumbs a rest, The Donald."	13
"Trump's misogynistic statements abound. His chauvinistic piggish behavior has been well documented throughout his adult life. The guy reeks of bad behavior, not only to women but to anyone who dares irk him. The things he said about Cruz's wife and his opponent Ms. Fiorina were atrocious,  uncouth and downright ugly, as is Trump's bullying behavior. A jerk is a jerk is a jerk. Then, now and tomorrow.DDManhattan "	13
"The internet is full of misogynist trolls who will dump on any woman putting herself out there, but the trailer makes the film look terrible.  I love Kristen Wiig and Melissa McCarthy, but their talents don't look set to save that film.  The film is going to be terrible or whoever cut that trailer is the worst editor in film history."	13
"Wow, November's going to be a bloodbath. I wonder if Trump will drop out of the race before then? Can you even do that? Get elected president, running unopposed?  'Cause Trump's campaign is going to be a withered husk by November."	13
"There you go again. If you listened to her you'd know this is wrong. Meanwhile, New Yorkers seem to know her better, because they've had her as Senator. And if you think being Secretary of State is a cakewalk, think again."	13
"Quick--get me the smelling salts!!  I'm having the vapors.  It's really disgusting that the esteemed Paper of Record, the old Grey Lady, herself is becoming  little more than a tabloid rag.  "	13
"He wears no mask. He says it like it is, unlike these Republicans that are scared to death of him being our next POTUS which he will be. All their illegal dealings will come to a stop and more than likely their dealings will land them in jail. They get what they deserve. Money doesn't buy you everything. They can keep they're millions. Donald Trump doesn't need it"	13
"Um, I think he was.  He was impeached, and those that were around during that time were pretty disgusted by just how much he was investigated because it had nothing to do with his competence while in office.  In Trump's case, his governing competence is questionable at best.  At worst, he's a pathological liar, changing his position on a daily basis.  "	13
"Nero Appointed Roman Fire Marshal http://www.nytimes.com/2016/05/16/us/politics/hillary-clinton-bill-clint...FORT MITCHELL, Ky.  Hillary Clinton already has an assignment for her husband, Bill Clinton, if they return to the White House next year. The former president, Mrs. Clinton told voters on Sunday, will be in charge of revitalizing the economy."	13
Even IF everything in this fraudulent article were true... it pales to insignificance compared to Hillary's record of bullying and terrorizing the women that were victimized by Bill. There's the real story! But we won't be reading that story anytime soon in this liberal rag.	13
"Tried to load several links, this website does not allows me to do so. You have a computer, have you heard of Google?About 12,800,000 results (0.66 seconds) articles come up when ""breakfast importance"" is searched. I am not going to spoon feed you."	13
"Sony telling the true hard core fans of Ghostbusters 'if you do not like the new unnecessary remake, you're a sexist pig', will not get the actual fans to buy tickets. In fact, it will simply reinforces why not to watch this tripe."	13
"Must have been a slow news day indeed. What a waste of space. What didn't we know already, he is a narcissist, an inadequate personality?  Surely there must be more substantive issues re, for example, his taxes, investments, his profound ignorance about the world other than his own.  This should have been, if any place, in your insipid Style Section"	13
This article was a non-starter for me. Sexism is still rampant and unfortunately accepted by both men and women. Nothing remarkable here...Donald being Donald.  I was disappointed that NYT would dedicate so much real estate to this story. Far more outrageous celebrities doing real harm to women got less coverage.  Bill Cosby has allegedly committed atrocities...where is the coverage.	12
"My Chobani-addicted diabetic sister told me that Chobani doesn't contain sugar. I read the ingredients and asked her what she thought ""evaporated cane juice"" was. She shrugged and quickly went back to claiming it doesn't contain sugar.That is not ignorance: it is wilful ignorance, which I think is very common."	12
"They're also afraid he would fleece them as quickly as he would anybody else, and they would never get their money's worth.  Neither would his supporters, neither would anybody else."	12
"Off course you are being played when NYT makes you believe that journalists are not responsible for what they report and onus of reporting the truth is on the person they are interviewing.There used to be this little thing called fact check.By the way, this is not just one women, a bunch of them have gone public that NYT article took things out of context."	12
"The eye whom you think would be struck is not that of the political elites as you so vehemently label. It is your own eye, just as it is your face you would spite by cutting off your nose not that of the elites. You sure are mad, but that won't get you revenge, just more misery for you to wallow in. That is the sad result of your anger.DDNYC"	12
"It's good to know that the NY Times is dedicating it's prime real estate, front page, top of the ""digital"" fold, to its support of Hillary Clinton through negative reporting on Dinald Trump and Bernie Sanders. If we are young to pave the salacious news pathway how about equal time to the Clinton Foundation questionable practices, especially with Bills paramour."	12
"My God, this guy has so missed the point! I guess the Great Depression was not a ""stark"" problem after it went on for a few years and people adapted to a lower standard of living."	12
"Agreed. All the tokenism diversity, no substance. They also report that Mrs. Clinton relies on the show to ""humanize herself,"" and that must says a lot about why NYT endorses a woman. "	12
He is so good at connecting with youth! Perhaps he should be a performer at children's birthday parties. Would love to see the magic trick where he grows GDP at 5.3%	12
"The big donors' refusal is predictable. Trump is an AAA male, at the level of Genghins Khan.  The Republican big donors are also are alpha males, and they want at least to keep their level of control. If we were in the middle ages, the wealthy donors would be nearby kings under threat of attack. Given evolutionary psychology, they are not about to support one who intends to topple them. "	12
"Last week the NY Times openly asked what it would take to destroy Donald Trump in the 24 hour American news cycle.Back to the drawing board fellas, this one is a dud."	12
"So we're difficult to herd! The Times makes it sound like an indictment. Rather us neutered, hormone fed, antibiotic laden cattle climb the execution chute to take a bolt tn the back of the head? Marketed as canned Hillary Helper?"	12
"Because what you just said doesn't actually accord with science, and in the event ""regression to the mean"" is gibberish because you're conflating a societal norm -- eating breakfast -- with a statistical construct, the mean.It says nothing about whether such a practice is necessarily healthful. ""If everyone does it"" doesn't make it a scientific fact."	12
"For the first time in the US, a nominee cannot be bought. Wonderful and wow.They refuse to give Mr. Trump money because Mr. Trump cannot be tamed to do their dirty jobs for them.Lee Iacoca once said he would like to see a business man run for preident. He turns out he was completely right.A billionaire business man cannot be manipulated. Let them keep their money. What a shame."	12
Donald Trump's tax plan gives the wealthy a huge tax cut.  That's really the only thing wealthy Republicans care about in the end.  He'll get all the money he needs from them.	12
It leads one to believe that there is an ounce of sanity in Republicanpartisans.  How much better we would be if these mega donors wouldconsider funding local Boys and Girl's clubs or swimming pools fordisadvantaged neighborhoods of citizens.  Or even affordable housing.	12
"C.C. Kegel,Ph.D. Planet EarthGet real. You don't sell record numbers of autos or have record levels of air travel when most Americans are suffering economic hardship."	12
Why is there any excuse at all for food products to not carry nutritional labels written in plain language?Obfuscation is just another form of misrepresentation.	12
"But the 1990 episode at Mar-a-Lago that Ms. Brewer Lane described was different: a debasing face-to-face encounter between Mr. Trump and a young woman he hardly knew.If anyone at the Times had any integrity, a published apology to both Ms.Lane and Mr. Trump would be made. However, I'm not holding my breath waiting. "	12
"Only Bernie can decide what his legacy will be?  The father of a new political movement that fights for the people, or the goat who guts the Democratic Party and puts Trump in the White House?  "	12
"Do you really think there are acceptable ways to compromise with the tea party types that run Congress?  If anything Obama tried too hard to placate them.  They have one goal which is to destroy our government.  There is little room to compromise with such people, they need to be pushed aside."	12
"The only answer is to define it (look at the Netherlands' laws) and then take their money, make them penniless (sorry I don't care about your kids, you never cared about anybody else's) and put them in jail.  Make them pariahs of society."	12
"Clinton never publicly humiliated women by expressing disgust for individual women's biological functions, including that of breastfeeding a baby, as Trump has done. He also did not denigrate women publicly on the basis of their appearance, as Trump has done repeatedly."	12
"Trump sound a lot like Clinton; Bill, that is. Democrats had no problem with his treatment of women and voting for him; so what should I act differently towards Trump."	12
Trump has done the country a favor that we never could have predicted.He is in the process of destroying the Republican Party.No greater love hath a man than he act as the boor and buffoon that he is so that Hillary Clinton can become President and the Democrats can retake the Senate.Thank you Donald!	12
"And now Rowanne Brewer tells Fox that the NYT spun her story, that Trump treated her well. Oh well...Another  NYT job to support Clinton turns out to increase Trump's popularity as a victim of bad journalism. Great NYT!"	12
"By now it's clear the two writers of this piece misrepresented Rowanne Brewer in their first few paragraphs. Yes, sometimes bad reporting happens, but I would like to see an apology or explanation from the writers or NYT on how the story got spun into portraying Mr. Trump negatively."	12
Have we really sunk this low to worry about male or female for leaders. I don't care what sex they are as long as they can lead. I am starting to see why Bill Maher calls America a stupid country.	12
"Are people now incapable of reading the nutrition labeling on foods?  You can tell what foods have sugars, and what types of sugars.  Just read.  (And for what it's worth, beware frozen entrees, unless you don't mind a massive sodium overload.)"	12
"The only news that could be better than this: the establishment of a tax proportional to the added sugars in foods that would be charged to both producers and consumers of those foods, and used to offset the medical care needed by (excessive) sugar eaters."	12
"For most individuals, the American Dream has been stolen from them, and the future for their children, through no fault of their own.  They have lost years of effort spent developing careers or a business, lost years of effort establishing a home base, lost years of effort that could have been directed toward saving instead of surviving.  Some people are angry and they want revenge on those responsible."	12
"While Trump certainly prefers good-looking women and has engaged in the standard ways men behave badly, he hasn't asked a state policeman to bring an unsuspecting girl to his hotel room.  Where are the Times exposs on the behavior of JFK (atrocious), LBJ (ditto), and Clinton and his randy associates?"	12
The rich business owners should realize that Trump will destroy their companies with his idiotic plans for destroying foreign trade.  And they should also realize that Bernie will destroy the economy from the other direction.  2 men running for president who could bring us down to a depression or worse.	12
"There's some pretty rich irony, here. The article rails against the publication bias of those with an agenda to push breakfast food, but is written by someone who doesn't eat breakfast, with a healthy dose of his own bias and skepticism due to his personal, anecdotal lack of need for the meal. "	12
Perhaps you should visit one of those schools with free breakfast and lunch programs and talk to the kids (and their struggling parents) who rely on them to survive. Kids can't concentrate without enough to eat - talk to any teacher trying to keep a classroom under control when kids are tired and malnourished. And ask them how much money these kids have to spend on cafeteria food.	12
What is your exact effective tax rate?Trump - It's none of your business What are your exact proposals for economic policy?Trump - It's none of your business. What are your exact proposals for foreign policy?Trump - It's none of your business.	12
"I believe this article demonstrates the author's lack of balance. Faced with a complex subject and seemingly contradictory conclusions, instead of using reasoned judgement his response is to throw up his arms and say ""it's all bunk!""While that's excusable for the untrained poster, it's rather disapointing from a scientist. Oooops, I mean doctor...it's not always the same thing!"	12
"Harvey, years ago, the absence of seat belts in cars significantly contributed to the severity of injuries and deaths associated with car accidents. So, by your reasoning, it was good for the government to publicize this problem, but it was bad overreach for the government to start requiring car manufacturers to provide seat belts in cars. "	12
"Shocker, voters in the GOP that actually have a brain are reluctant to support Trump. If the US is to maintain its status in the world it will be essential to reject Trump in the General without any ambiguity."	12
With this article the NYT has hit a new low! Many of the women interviewed have complained that they were quoted out of context. Let's see you do an article on their comments on National TV! Your obvious bias is poor journalism!	12
"My thought is that it's pretty sickening when a journalist who is biased uses their skills to try to influence voters with lies and deceit. After hearing from Donald's ex Brewer Lane and how she stated that they left out stuff, it sickens me the way media behaves like children today.  And I'm not even sure who I'm voting for. But this  doesn't sit right with me."	12
Improper statistical claims based on subjective biases are science's equivalent of glowing new product announcements.   They don't even belong in a newspaper as few journalists have the requisite skills to assess their (lack of) authenticity.   Thanks for this article.	12
"That too but it's basically they KNOW Long-Term, their brand/ideology can't possibly grow (demographically alone) with their Party being led by a person that campaigns like they're running to be President,..of the CONfederate States of America."	12
"http://insider.foxnews.com/2016/05/17/carrie-prejean-says-ny-times-twist...WOW. This is becoming laughable. Carrie Prejean Boller, former miss USA just said some good things about Mr. Trump. Laughable isn't the right word to describe this anymore. It is disturbing how NYT behaved with these women! SHAME. I can't even"	12
"Gee, where was the NY Times back in the day?  If a liking for the ladies is a disqualifying defect, why  didn't we hear of the Kennedys, LBJ and FDR?  They call cavorted when in office.  "	12
"I shudder to imagine the calamities that will befall us if that man is elected president.Our tycoon class rebuking him or turning their backs on him isn't enough. They must openly defy him, even take the field against him like medieval dukes of old against a would-be tyrant who will lay the commonwealth low should he succeed."	12
This a non-issue. Children perform better in school after a good breakfast. To say that adults aren't affected by poor morning nutrition defies previous objective studies and common sense based on experience.	12
"Hillary used her power, and position to harass, and ostracize most of the woman her Husband cheated on her with..That's not very graceful(it is understandable, but She should have gone after him)..She used her power, and position to get revenge on those woman..BTW if you dont believe me you can easily google it..There are several hundred articles, and interviews on it."	12
"A fashion model is asked to change her clothes and to show off her body at a gathering of potential professional contacts by a man who owns a modeling agency. Gee, what a scandal."	12
"Well, without any help from a Republican Congress, the US economy has made an absolutely remarkable recovery from the 2008 GFC. Could more have been done? Absolutely, see history on who proposed what and who voted against it. Could more be done today? Absolutely, see your local obstructionist who is under the spell of the Tea Party."	12
"McCain uses the ""war hero"" credentials in order to lobby for more weapons (not those small ones of the American people !) and MORE WAR. He is also on the side of Islamic Terror in Syria.Good to see Trump decimates the image of this ""hero""."	12
the investment world is so much play and played on and upon ...   one is either rigged or thrives as a rigger..   insider trading is standard procedure.. but with blinders to a select some...    all the dishes and cutlery can be left on this tablewith a deft rapid pull out of the the tablecloth!!!!!	12
"Insider trading and bribery are effectively legal in this country. Only the dumb and/or targeted get caught. When was the last time anyone in congress was prosecuted for some illegal something that happens there everyday of the week. How did Ryan get rich, he has never held a job outside of government."	12
"Before he spends the $$$ against H. Clinton, he will repay himself the loans needed to defeat Low energy Jeb Little Marco and Lying Teddy. He knows a bargain when one is given to him!"	12
"This article reflects a liberal bias against the traditional breakfast of eggs, bacon, sausage, gravy, toast, and biscuits.  Sorry, libs, but the traditional breakfast is here to stay; people like it because it tastes good.  Cheers! Now, pass the gravy!"	12
"Government doesn't like ""defining it"" - that locks them into specifics, and they hate that. They want the ability to prosecute who they please for whatever reason, and they want to make it impossible for anyone to do anything that isn't illegal. "	12
"I'd be careful about fish, or anything else that lives in the Pacific.  there are still 3 missing reactor cores under Fukushima.  There is also an underground river that feeds directly into the ocean in the exact same location.... Surprise !!"	12
"If Koch Bros pull their pile of dough from Trump and puts it into senate races, there will be a huge need to combat this. The voices, money, and energy of the Sander's campaign could be used in this key battle vs the egomaniacal element among the super-rich."	12
"This is about the future of not only our Democracy, but of the entire WORLD.This low brow 'playboy' is not in any way, shape, form (or even one's wildest imagination) even nearly mentally adept enough, knowledgeable enough, intelligent enough, nor psychologically stable enough; to deal with multiple, simultaneous, esoteric threats in the 21st Century... a multi-polar, near instantaneous, thermo-nuclear age."	12
Just the opposite. They protected him and squelched the stories of women who had negative things to say. This newspaper is completely in the tank for the Clintons. Disgraceful.	12
"Paul Feig's playbook:  remake a classic that - from the trailers so far - demonstrates writing that is far beneath the original and because you have a female cast, insulate yourself from any criticism by calling any critique misogynistic.Now which is more insulting to feminism- legitimate criticism or Mr. Feig's ""shield""?"	12
"We can't let Trump get the nuclear code.He is remarkably irresponsible as a businessman and as a politician.  His campaign is built on fear and loathing, we don't need that in our government's leader."	12
"'...1997:  Meanwhile, Temple (Taggart) also wants to enroll in college and pursue a degree in architecture. But she would leave it all for the right modeling offer. ""It would be a good opportunity and great money,"" she said. ..'She praised Trump to the hilt in 1997; but the NYT got the real story....ha!You know how to tell if this story means anything?  You won't see next time you go through the check out line."	12
"Trump is clearly an outsider, disrupter candidate, that has been able to break the strangle-hold the U.S. Chamber of Crypto-Fascist, Crony Commerce's mega-donor class of Big Business, Big Government, Big Banking, and Big Media has on both the Democratic and Republican parties. Once Hillary dispatches Sanders,  Trump will, in effect, be the only People's candidate in the 2016 presidential race."	12
Too much left/right politics being projected in many of the comments.  This is a straight forward bipartisan proposal that should receive legislative action.  I see no liberal vs conservative conflict.  The real concern is the probability that Congress can't even act on something as simple as this.	12
"Clinton is afraid of another debate.  Clearly, she couldn't win it under any circumstances.  The safe thing to do is just run out the clock.  Very presidential."	12
"So Phil Mickelson makes almost $1 Million on a single insider trading transaction to pay off a gambling debt, gets to stay out of jail and keep all his endorsements.  Must be nice."	12
"The biggest insider traders in this country are congress and their aides, then when investigated they claim that they're constitutionally protected from such inquiries given the nature of their work.  Good luck trying to combat a crime, when those making the laws are the biggest abusers."	12
"Of course the Oligarchy isn't giving Trump and money, they won't get anything in return.  It is one of the rare good things about Trump --  he isn't for sale like the rest of the candidates."	12
The truth will be in his tax returns you haven't seen those what do you think is in them why won't show them. Bernie might be a bigger disaster than Trump if he could beat him but he couldn't Hilary has already beaten Bernie just give it up you guys are making us all sick.	12
No food causes Type 2 diabetes.It is a disease of the endocrine system. It is highly heritable and runs in families. It mostly occurs in older folks -- most victims are over 60.Your teacher did not get diabetes because he bought cheap spaghetti sauce!!!!	12
"If you have so much money that you can afford to have your name emblazoned on glossy high-rises all over America, surely you can afford to self-fund your entire general election campaign.  With all the fawning media coverage Donald Trump has received so far, including from The New York Times, he doesn't need donors.  Sorry, Donnie, but you're on your own."	12
"What Trump's candidacy has done to the part of the electorate who thinks he should be commander-in-chief is given them license to behave poorly in public. This includes the misogyny, xenophobia, sexism, racism, etc.. If the world thought American behaved badly in the past, they haven't seen anything yet."	12
"The pay gap has been proven to be a myth.  When apples to apples are compared, men and women earn the same.  Do an online search and find out for yourself."	12
"There are no ""new liberals"". Obama, Clinton and the other mainstream democrats are all to the right of Richard Nixon. Bernie is one of the very few liberals left with any stature."	12
"The election isn't about the ""economy""?? I'd suggest that the theme of economic injustice is central to the Democratic debate and certainly is the backdrop against which this whole crazy campaign season is set!"	12
"Hannity?! Yes. that most venerated of reporters. That Trump lover.  Who needs facts (the multiple people quoted in this article here)? It's funny that people are directly quoted yet turn up on the news a day later to disavow their words. Actually, not funny. It's sad. Trump will always be a bully. Read his book."	12
Just a quick observation about school breakfast programs. If you can't afford to give your kid a bowl of cereal and a piece of toast every day are you really fit to be a parent?	12
"They did. He lied. He got impeached.Part 2 was Newt calling for the wrath of heaven for Clinton at the very same time he was cheating on his own wife. And Dennis Hastert chairing an impeachment committee while sitting on his history of molestation of his own wrestling students in small town Illinois.I guess you could call that their ""adventures"" in Irony. GOP style."	12
"Well, I guess this puts to rest the broadside that Trump doesn't like women.Not to mention how many women he has running things in his companies.So, next week will we read from the NYT interviews with Paula Jones, Juanita Broaddrick, Kathleen Willey, even Huma A re not only Bill's conduct, but Hillary's?"	12
"So does this mean he's no longer self-funding his campaign?  I'm shocked, shocked to find out that Trump has gone back on his word!  Next he'll tell us that when he declared that ALL Muslims should be banned from the United States, he was just making a ""suggestion.""  Oh, wait...."	12
She won't get a bump though.Trump's thugs will be pretending to be Bernie supporters and will set fire to Philadelphia. They are planing the seeds already.	12
"Wow it is no wonder why no one trusts the NY Times or any liberal media anymore.   Write a hit piece twisting the words and testimony of these women to fit the democrat narative used to be an unbelievable thing, but this article doesnt even try to hide its motives."	12
"He has talked about and there are written points and expert opinions on the ""HOW"" all over the internet and TV.  Certainly as much or more on the ""how"" as the other candidates.  "	12
"This Rowanne thinks it acceptable for a man to take her to a room and ask her to put on a bikini after first meeting her and present her then to a group saying: ""This is a Trump girl"". This is not exploiting. She liked this? I would put a negative slant on it from just reading it. The Times just described it, that is all. I think she is a jerk. Did she trust this man all of a sudden?"	12
Breakfast is not the problem.    What we eat for breakfast  (if we choose to) is the problem.    What you really need to do is concentrate on how to get a good breakfast for kids without doubling or tripling the cost.    Other cultures do this well by relying on foods like beans and rice but here the bottom line seems to be junk food with little if any nutrition.	12
"Unless ytou are a person's mother, grandmother, aunt or spouse/significant other, you have no business addressing another adult with words like 'sweetheart,"" ""dear,' etc., and this goes double in a professional setting..  Outside of the context of a familial or intimate relationship, these are not terms of endearment, but are rather expressions of gross disrespect of another adult."	12
"Stop pretending this is hard. If you want to avoid added sugar, don't buy processed food. Dump the bottles of salad dressing, the jars of peanut butter, the cans of beans, the packages of stuffing mix, and those convenient little cartons of sweetened yogurt. Just buy food, real food. "	12
"What is this, Slate? Oh yeah, that's the new target model for the NYT.After 5-8 hours of sleep, unless one eats right before bedtime, an average human body needs nourishment. The problem arises when one wakes up and immediately drinks coffee, a natural appetite suppressant, and then eats nothing until lunch. Then, eating a big lunch, feels drowsy the rest of the day.Next in the Times: Dinner, You're Doing it Wrong.  "	12
"You would of gotten a more accurate account from ""The National Enquirer"".  They spun this article so badly that even the people interviewed are saying it is all lies.  "	12
"DNC also morally dead.  Attempting to coronate a war-hawk as their nominee when the people were so against the Iraq war, and so largely in the dark about Libya and the rest, and when we are seeing the human cost of war to this day with solutions not in sight."	12
"This is why I support Bernie Sanders and oppose Hillary Clinton.Remember, Chelsea Clinton's father in law went to jail for offenses like this, and her husband receives a lot of money from other people who donate to the Clintons, too.How can we support someone who takes money from big banks!  That is why it is wrong to criticize Bernie Sanders, since he is the only candidate with the integrity to stand up for justice and honest Americans!"	12
"Maybe we'll hit the double jackpot: Trump will get crushed in November AND squander his ""fortune"". Then we would be free of him altogether - unless he stars in a new version of The World's Biggest Loser."	12
"Certainly not very flattering. But what is far more damning - and presented without the vast reportorial skills of The Times - is Mr. Trump's own monologue of racism, vulgarity and lying that borders on the pathological. "	12
"Here is your problem. Hillary with her massive flaws told the truth about the money she planned to and needs to raise to become the President. Your dude lied to you and said he was an outsider, no one will own me, bla, bla, bla which was a lie and he knew it. But you fell for it. That's why it is a story. Millions of you fell for his lies and now you know the truth. What will you do?"	12
The trouble is that too many people are listening to lies and scare tactics from Bernie and Trump. Both of those are caught up in ego trips. I  cannot imagine either one as president.	12
"I agree with DT's lack if complexity.  I'd say instead that he uses smoke screens, fudge factors, to assist in lying right and left.  It's not complexity at all, but evidence of a Con artist - saying everything and nothing.  The man lacks total credibility.  "	12
"OK, now I've composed myself. Wiped away my tears of laughter over Quaker Oats's think tank and Kevin Crunch's uncle, the Cap'n. (Omg, hahaha.)Is there anything that capitalism hasn't corrupted?"	12
It is naive to think we can do anything about this.  Smart people know that the only answer is to fight one's way to the top and become one of the people who get the gravy.	12
Why do liberals have to lie?  Why does the New York Times feel the need to forsake their sacred obligation to report the truth?  WHY IS THIS STORY A BIG LIE?http://www.politico.com/story/2016/05/ex-trump-girlfriend-new-york-times...	12
"If you ignore the insinuating filler/comments and the psychoanalyses in between the quotes and just stake to the quotes, you would find nothing so wrong with Donald Trump's treatment of women.Sorry NYT, as much as you tried."	12
"You are half right about everything. No one has a right to lecture anyone else about anything outside their own lives. Period. But people who skip meals and snack instead of eating whole foods, by age 40 at least, are 25-30 pounds overweight. That's poor nutrition and poor nutrition is the fundamental problem in obesity. So it's not about breakfast, but it is about skipping meals and the effect it has on your health."	12
"By all means, let's drive ""sexism"" from our midst. If men keep on liking women as this article shows Mr. Trump clearly does, who knows where the world will end up? Why, we could have women liking men too! Perish the thought."	12
Lisa - You don't see very clearly.  California is one of the largest economies on the planet.  Try taking off the bigotry blinders and reading some financial news.	12
"Bernie would be a spoiler for the Democrats as a Democrat or as an Independent, which he truly is. The outcome of these stances have beenhistory-changing and never for the better, if not downright harmful. So Bernie supporters, please look at the big practical picture, not the wonderful pie-the-sky."	12
"This article states all one needs to know about the ignorance, backwardness, and stupidity of your garden variety Republican.  Sadly, they are about to nominate a bigoted jackass as their presidential candidate.  "	12
"There is absolutely no way to curb this behavior.  Knowledge cannot be unknown.  If you have a huge pile of money about to dissolve, is it really reasonable to tell somebody that they must ignore their knowledge and go broke elegantly.   I think the salient point is whether there is evidence of INTENT to acquire the insider knowledge, otherwise we are tilting at windmills."	12
"Then afterward he will brag about how he was wonderful and wiped the floor with her, and all those around him will  tell him how he was wonderful and wiped the floor with her."	12
"Yes, Congress should pass this legislation.  Las Vegas bookies, as well as golfers  who use inside information from CEOs should all be prosecuted.  What a ridiculous standard the government now has to prove now! "	12
"You make no sense. Especially about Guantanamo, that has no support for closing from Republicans.And you are dreaming if you think Trump is worth the $ 9-10 billions that he claims."	12
If only the NYtimes did not throw spade on Bernie's campaign from day 1 we could have taken it (NYT) seriously. But you lost all credibility when you blatantly pander to the detriment of any journalistic standards and intelligence to HRC we may as well call you Clinton News Network like the others.	12
"Since when is $60K easy to manage?  Really?  By the way, Penn State is about $25K per year. So you would suggest that an A student go to Edinboro U of PA over Penn State because it is cheaper.  Of course a Penn State grad has the better chance of getting a well paying job.  "	12
"Sony seems out of its depth, as if it is marketing in the times of Dukakis.What is Sony thinking? They should embrace any politician who might want to support their film! Especially given that the film already needs all the help it can get. Sony should, if they want to get some air into their deflating balloon actively engage Trump and egg him on!"	12
"NYT has lost a lot of credibility in political reporting.   Posting unfounded allegations of violence as fact, and now this saccharine, condescension.   NYT, you do realize that you have managed to upset legions of your 30-50 year old subscribers with this stuff?"	12
"How depressing.  If we didn't already know that DJT was a misogynistic insecure narcissist, this article hammers it home. Ironically, if we elect HRC this November, we will put another misogynist back in the White House.  I truly doubt that Bill has changed his spots.  Yup, I for one will miss Barack Obama -the only adult in politics.  "	12
"People act as though this is the first contested nomination.  Primary fights are frequent and there is no reason to believe that they will be damaging to the party, despite the bullying by the Clinton crowd."	12
"I'm sure she could have said anything and they would have paid.  They want everybody to think that they have the inner circles at their disposal.  On the other hand, she should tell everybody what she said in these speeches.  Of course I'm sure her enemies would say the transcripts were fake, just like Obama's birth certificate was fake."	12
"Trump supporters need to open their eyes. Trump not only questioned President Obama's birth, he also poisoned his own white butler's brain with hate speech against the First African American President of the country. IN the 21st century, there is no room for such nonsense, racism, bigotry that Trump and his former butler display."	12
"What are you saying? You disagree with the science? Obviously some people need/like to eat breakfast and some don't. All this article does is try to break down the ""most important meal of the day"" nonsense (which was, in large part, funded by corporations who want to sell you breakfast food). "	12
"Every day that DT spends responding to attacks is a good day for Dems.  There is so much muck to dig upon on the Don ""Juan"" that every day, going forward, should be a ""good day for Dems"".I'm sure the Times, and every other representative of our Free Press, is Just Getting Started."	12
"Added sugar is a fake concept without scientific basis. Sugar is sugar is sugar. When you ingest it, your body processes it, and it doesn't interview the sugar about its life history prior to being ingested. Every food label already has a line telling you exactly how much sugar is in it."	12
"Bernie is a rational being like all of us.  Being rational, he would dump his shared as quickly as a bad taco if he heard that they were about to become worthless.   There are no saints in this business.  Thats why I am a doctor and not a broker."	12
"This phrase at the end off the fourth paragraph -- ""funding his operation with a mix of his own money and small-dollar contributions."" really should be changed to ""funding his operation with a mix of loans from himself and small-dollar contributions."" ESPECIALLY since since his spokesmen have said that Trump is considering repaying himself for all those loans from campaign proceeds."	12
"Funny, instead of reporting the NYT decides the agenda, and writes a persuasive essay to get folks to change their minds. How can you even call this reporting? Straight propaganda. "	12
"They're going to take a shellacking if the movie isn't any good, though. Why couldn't Paul Feig and Co. come up with an original idea to showcase these funny women? The big studios have got to get on board with more original ideas. People are getting really tired of superheroes. You might love cotton candy, but you'd eventually die if you ate nothing else. Our brains are starved for something more interesting than rehashes of big hits."	12
"If and when Trump crosses the line with Hillary Clinton, and he will, Hillary should call 'time out,' walk up to Trump and slap is face, HARD.  TWICE.  Regardless of politics, all women will identify with the many reasons a woman would slap Donald 'Potty Mouth' Trump, twice, hard.  I believe such a act of controlled violence will gain Hillary the respect and votes she needs to put Trump in the corner with a dunce cap on.  "	12
"Well Robbie, welcome to the present. Earlier this year petitions were circulating in the UK, urging Parliment to ban Trump from entering the country. Parliment debated it. Did nothing. And now David Cameron has extended an invitation to Trump to visit 10 Downing Street. Art of the Deal in action? Trump is showing early symptoms of becoming not just President, but a GREAT President. "	12
"I like the Ghostbusters song but the original movie didn't do anything for me and I probably won't see the remake.  It does seem as though the ""support other women or you will go to hell"" aspect of the Hillary campaign has reared its head again.  Whatever Hillary.  When is the Star Trek movie opening?"	12
They fear him and are already considering making policy changes. This is real  leadership.One only has to look at the opposition to understand the impact he already is having!THE STATUS QUO HAS GOT TO GO!!!VOTE TRUMP.Have a nice day...	12
"The original Ghostbusters was a fluke success, a reboot is questionable at the most. An all female cast is a good idea but mixing presidential politics and promoting a 30 year old film concept is plain weird. "	12
Mr. Carroll sadly forgot to interview  disbetics about their view of the importance of eating breakfast. Skip breakfast . The next stop will be the emergency room.	12
If people would stop being so lazy and cook from scratch they wouldn't have to concern themselves with labels and added sugar. I have virtually no food in my house that comes from a box or can. I have control over what I eat. It takes about a minute or two to make your own salad dressing. I would rather die than eat jarred spaghetti sauce. Take control of your diet people.	12
"It is a very sad state of affairs when someone like Trump can threaten to take over the White House. The only good thing about a Trump victory would be that his supporters who seem to perpetually think that an ""outsider"" will ""fix Washington"" would get a hard does of reality. The bad thing is that he would do all kinds of damage to this country and its reputation on the national stage - damage which would take decades, at best, to repair. "	12
"Perhaps another party, with millions to spend on politics, just issued an order for the fading Times to put up a broadside against The Enemy -  or else some nice things, perhaps swanky dinner invites, would not be coming the Times admin types' way."	12
"I saw that first trailer. It's obvious that the main thrust of the movie is to mock males in any way possible, and that the film's makers thought that this would produce yuck after yuck.I predict most movie goers will give it just one ""yuck."""	12
"Not so much bias as informed, unlike your reply. You may want to checkout 'The End of Illness' by David Agus and the corpus of research behind Cortisol."	12
"I've been listening to Americans complain about ""politics as usual"" since I was born, back in the fifties. Now, we have someone running that isn't politics as usual, and that's the biggest complaint I hear about Bernie, he isn't following the ""rules"". It's inane."	12
"Hillary should move move further to the center and reject Bernie Sanders completely. Go after the socially liberal Republicans and split that party apart.  This is the chance to do that, after all they are closer to Hillary's positions than they are to Donald  Trumps.  If ten percent of Republican woman reject Trump they will show him exactly how small his hand is."	12
"The NYT reporters would have known that Rowan Brewer has always maintained that Trump was a real gentleman and that dating him ""was a wonderful time"" if they had taken the time to read other interviews she had done recently. They must really about a Trump Presidency when they resort to lies of omission."	12
"One keeps hearing over and over again about everyone's concern with Bernie's ""legacy"" as if it's time to bring in the corpse and deliver the eulogy. Well, send back the flowers because Bernie ain't ready to go just yet."	12
Same old same old boring cookie cutter article. This formula in column writing has been used and over used in every liberal publication in North America for 20 years.The men are always the problem even if they do good.	12
I can only hope that the general voting public has the same reaction to Trump that the big Republican donors are expressing.  God help the United States and the rest of the world if they don't.	12
"This is the height of irony. The very people who symbolize the corrupt nature of our political system actually have more courage to resist the Donald than our own Republican government. They fully understand the existential crisis a Trump presidency is for our country and the world. When it comes to the Republicans who have swerved to DT, the word ""appeasement"" comes to mind. "	12
"Journalists are paid by media companies that earn money to pay them from consumers' eyeballs.  Audience=profits, but journalistic integrity isn't in that equation."	12
"I don't really care that women are starring in the movie. There are people saying ""You hate the movie because you're sexist"" which is not the case. The comedy looks too simple and juvenile. It's fine having women as leads in movies, but when the movies are bad, don't call sexism. The movie looks like another bad remake, that are extremely common now, and people are sick of it."	12
"Rowanne Brewer Lane is now saying her words were taken out of context in this article, but she doesn't deny what she was quoted as saying. It really doesn't matter if she felt his behavior was demeaning (she was dating this rich man, after all), that doesn't change the fact that it was demeaning. He paid his first wife $1.00/year for her work in running his hotel - that she accepted that doesn't change the fact that it was demeaning and sexist."	12
"When health food stores"" started selling white sugar they called it ""evaporated cane juice."" Have any proof? Or did you go to one store, and that was enough to generalize?"	11
"Not sure if anyone has examined this angle, but was Hugh Hefner Trump's role model? The age factor and behaviors really suggest that. He's stuck in the 50s view of women from the pages of Playboy."	11
"And yet, Europeans grab a piece of bread or a small pastry for breakfast. No big meal like Americans--and they don't have our obesity problem! (Which is probably because they eat a meal at midday, and have more fresh produce, walk more, work less... I can go on.)"	11
"I will forward this article to my (former) gastro-enterologist, who is a breakfast-pusher beyond rationality.  The article will make no difference in his thinking -- he is, after all, smarter than those other researchers in his thinking. Sending it will, however, afford me the last word on the subject."	11
"For all those opportunities The Donald provided women because he was a ""shrewd"" business man and noted that women worked harder than men, I wonder if he paid the women the same salary as he would have paid men."	11
"He'll declare bankruptcy AFTER he takes the tax deduction for these costs as a business expense for marketing, claiming that he was ""building his companies brand""."	11
"Politically, as a Senator, Bernie is what we ca,ll out West ""All hat and no cattle."" He talks a good battle but has absolutely no significant accomplishments as an elected official. Even his website, which one would expect self promotion does not mention any significant legislation he initiated, supported or helped pass. "	11
"Eavis may think the current election is not about the economy, but the supporters of Trump, Sanders, and -to a lesser extent - Clinton,  strongly disagree with that assessment."	11
"Yes, in Britain they don't have attack ads, but they do have attacks.  Corbyn is like a breath of fresh air, but look at the others both in his party and others.  People like Boris, Nigel of UKIP (probably shouldn't refer to them as Boris Badhair and Nigel Barrage), all the stories in The Mail and The Sun, etc.  Did you know that the French and Germans are going to take over England?  Read it here!"	11
"You want outrage, you have to look at the possibility of Donald Trump becoming President of the United States. You don't have to go to the movies, you know. Nobody's forcing you to see the remake of Miracle on 34th Street."	11
"I'm doing well; probably Peter Eavis and the people he talks to are doing well; but most people aren't.I think this statement pretty well sums up the difference. It's not about statistics obscuring things; this statement conforms perfectly with the statistics. Everyone says they're doing ok when asked, but they don't believe the stories that say others are doing ok."	11
"This appears to be an article explaining the author's personal choice and nothing more. He off-handedly dismisses existing studies but offers no clinical proof to support his own decision to skip breakfast. It boils down to, ""who cares?"""	11
"People gambled and lost. With their life savings, they bought the wrong stocks, then the wrong real estate, then silver instead of gold, and finally signed away their future incomes for a somewhat questionable diploma. Poor choices have turned into wholesale scapegoating. Those are the ones who are angry... at themselves. That's life. Can you blame them?"	11
"The attacks on the Trumps cover everything from his posing as his own publicist in the 1970s (CNN) to his ""treatment of women"" (NYT).He might as well fire back with both barrels.   Got my bag of popcorn ready."	11
"Breakfast cereals started life as grain remnants found at the bottom of silos.  Silage for breakfast, everyone?  Do I moo and bawl like a calf?  We eschew the Anglo breakfast offerings of nitrate-cured pork products, slimy eggs and greasy fried stuff.  Grits maybe, yoghurt mixed with wheat germ with a square of 90% cacao chocolate, absolutely."	11
I eat my first meal at lunchtime.  I eat breakfast at night--it helps me sleep.  Haven't had a morning meal in 30 years.  Makes me feel like going back to bed.	11
"This article is a badge of honor for Mr. Trump. Large donors only donate for influence or favors. The country will come first. Hillary on the other hand, will auction off influence to whomever donates the most to the Clinton Foundation. "	11
Bernie's people and trumps people are mostly just unhappy.  They will always be that way even if they get everything they want.   If United States was as bad of a place as they say it is no one want to come and live here.   Luckily neither group is the majority.  Anyone with any sense of fairness sees that Hillary is the most qualified person to be president.  Bring on the era of the woman.  The world is begging for Hilary.	11
"IMO, one should never mess with the gender of the lead characters of a ""classic"".  It just doesn't work. Imagine a female Captain Kirk, Spock, McCoy & Scotty.   And would you invest money?  Just another mistake, among many, by Sony."	11
"I agree. I can't believe that someone can insult our military as much as he has and even be considered by people to be President. Next weekend is Memorial Day. Trump will remind us all that the ""losers"" who got killed or are missing in action don't deserve a holiday, and that boarding school is actually tougher than the army, in terms of being militaristic actually"	11
"fewer voters might be prepared to support a candidate whose policies would disrupt world trade and whose tax cuts would almost certainly lead to a far bigger budget deficit.What's with the ""almost,"" New York Times? When you used a weak modifier to hedge a fact, it dilutes your reporting and makes your reporter sound like he doesn't want to offend Mr. Trump."	11
I guess it's encouraging that a segment of the GOP has maintained its senses while the majority of the politicians have blissfully run into the snake pit.	11
"Complete waste of newsprint. Where is the 2 page examination of the repercussions of any of his statements? Time to  get to work on real news, instead of this easy cheesy tabloid fodder.You really let me down."	11
"NYT starts out with a completely misquoted, misrepresented story according to Rowanne Brewer Lane, the actual person supposedly quoted see http://www.politico.com/story/2016/05/ex-trump-girlfriend-new-york-times... Sorry NYT, your biased reporting continues to hurt your credibility."	11
"Leslie Jones humor is based upon being average and bit clueless. Making her a Professor would take all of the wind out of her sails as a comedian. Personally, she is one of the primary drivers for me to see a picture I would otherwise skip. I find her simply hilarious. "	11
"I am rarely hungry in the morning - so I don't eat. Sometimes I am hungry in the morning, so I eat. Tell me how this is not a logical way to live your life. I am so sick and tired of people telling me when to eat, how much to eat, what to eat. I try not to listen, but it does affect how you live your life. Only a society where food is abundant and cheap do we have these problems."	11
"No, a politician isn't technical considered ""bought"" until they've received at least 25 years of continual bribes... err I mean contributions.  Only Hillary Clinton qualifies as a ""bought politician"" this election cycle."	11
"The Times gatekeepers in the Comments section did not post my recall of how the paper had to correct its story about similar accusations it reported  against Senator John McCain, charges of adultery which turned out to be baseless in the 2008 Presidential Primaries."	11
"Breakfast is SO overrated and so boring. I always eat a couple pieces of toast so I am not hangry at work, but otherwise, I loved working nights, where I could just sleep until noon and go straight to lunch."	11
"Crossing the line? You guys are giving yellow journalism a fresh coat of paint with metallic flakes with this torturous smear that has backfired:Ainsley Earhardt: ""will you vote for him?""Rowanne Lane: ""I think Donald is doing a great job..and I'm supporting him""Trump and Palin are going to destroy Hillary and erase the ill-gotten gains of the radical democrats and close the Bush/Clinton chapter of politics."	11
"How would Congress pass an insider trading bill when they participate in this activity everyday. Let's be honest, our Congress is not flooded with millionaires because of their great entrepreneurial skills or to put it in real world terms: how does a wrestling coach turned Congressman become a multimillionaire--you fill in the blanks."	11
"David, check out who owns ""Politifact"". There lies the problem, people like Politifact, NBC, CBS, ABC, NYT and Washington Post are feeding you the Democratic line and ... your not g=fact checking and asking questions. "	11
News flash: the economy is not great for most people. They have seen real wages decline by $1000s. These are especially bad times for the young and the poor. Never has participation in the labor force been so low. We haven't seen so many people poor and desperately poor since the Great Contraction.Yet Clinton is for the affluent and Trump is for himself.But the political revolution has begun.	11
"Reason not the need, shouted Lear as Goneril and Regan attempted to strip power from a foolish king. We have divided our American kingdom among the three daughters with Goneril as the Tea Party, Regan as the State Legislatures, and Cordelia as a distant memory of how true devotion serves the people. "	11
"I wasn't necessarily thinking about seeing this film, but I certainly will now that the internet trolls are bashing it for no reason. Have they seen footage - no. Amazing that in the second decade of the 21st century we lag so much on civility.  "	11
"Please provide a _scientific_ argument to support your claim that fried bacon and eggs is ""far from healthy"". And I don't mean a justification based on claims made for canola and/or soy farmers or by big pharma. Nor do I mean unsupported claims that ingested animal fats ""clog the arteries""."	11
"It is distressing to watch what people buy at the supermarket. Gatorade, ""juice drink"" a bottle of Pepsi..(all in one basket..I was just there).. Our population is duped, misinformed and poisoned by our food industry. Until we learn to stop buying their junk, nothing will really change."	11
"We Americans clearly need to skip a few meals.  Eating because someone says you need to is stupid.  If you are hungry and NEED calories then eat.  If not, don't.  Most waistlines that I am seeing need to skip quite a few meals.  The secret to staying healthy is keeping your weight in tact.  If you run marathons, you probably need to eat a huge breakfast. For the couch potatoes, not so much."	11
If you saw James Rolfe's video then it should be 100% clear that there is no politics and no agenda in his reasoning. He is a big fan of a classic movie and like a lot of us is sick of these terribly done reboots. He could obviously care less about the all women cast. Maybe that's why feminists are so upset lol	11
Go ahead and make insider trading legal if it's so difficult to define and enforce. Then tax the living daylights out of unearned income and a 95% tax rate on even 'earned' income over $1M.	11
"Now that Marco Rubio was a raging disappointment as the Republican establishments poster child for President, instead of donating to Trump, they will soon start to tout their new golden boy Tom Cotton whom among other brilliant comments, stated that America has not incarcerated enough people.  He conveniently neglected many of those on Wall Street that have could have easily filled the requirement.  "	11
"Where was this concern when Bill was running. All the same types of allegations were flying about. We don't like it when powerful people are not nice, I get it. Why is all the venom pointed towards non-Democrats? That is truly hypocritical."	11
I suspect the premise of this article is a big nothingburger. I highly doubt that a large number of wealthy Republican donors want to broadcast their financial support for any politician. It only helps them for the party and the candidate to know about their support. For everyone to know is a political or business risk without benefit -- except to feed the ego of the donor.	11
"This particular message from Sanders is wonderful indeed.However like other progressive liberals, namely deblasio, they refuse to show tough love and call out the folks who become dependent upon the govt for everything."	11
"Nothing is wrong. At all. This movie however, looks like it's terrible. Not the women - THE WRITING.  The jokes in the trailer lack the subtly and cleverness of the original.  Sony and Mr. Feig are simply incapable of seperating criticism from sexism."	11
"I am so disappointed in the lack of content in this article, and in NYT for placing it on the front page.  While it shows a man with weak character, there is nothing more than personal opinions and  creepy incidents.  I am so not a Trump supporter, but this unfocused article demeans the paper, and more likely belongs in People Magazine."	11
"I do think this article has been on the front page (online) a bit too long, but I also think this has nothing to do with digging up dirt on Hillary to be ""fair and balanced"".Look, guys -- Donald Trump is about having power and using it.  Surprise!?!  His appeal is to do just that -- use the power of the USA to destroy our perceived enemies.  What he thinks of women, how he treats women, does not matter to his advocates."	11
"I dont see whats the problem here. Because those wealthy donors should give some money to law enforcement to look into Trump fraud, inciting violence, hate crime etc. so that way Trump can not run for election. "	11
"Another liberal Democrat here: I don't care what the NYT says. Bernie is not going to win. He should stay in through June 7, and on June 8 he will need to stand up and help us beat Trump. Period. If you're serious about helping the country, make sure you vote Democrat in November. Otherwise you and Bernie will be labeled petulant children."	11
"More hyperventilation from Sanders supporters in the comments here, railing against NYT since it happens to report based on facts and evidence.  Anyone who doesn't sing the praise of Bernie 100% must be part of the ""fraud!"" and ""conspiracy!"" against him!   "	11
"The charges against Hillary aren't ludicrous.  It's a fact that she, along with Betsy Wright, ran a ""bimbo eruptions"" team to handle all the women claiming to have had affairs with Bill.  She went on national TV and lambasted Gennifer Flowers, but Bill admitted during the Jones case he did have an affair with her."	11
"It's all a big ruse anyhow.All of the RNC money will go to Trump, so these dudes will just launder their donations through the RNC and claim that their hands are clean.Money laundering - how precious ... "	11
"Instead of writing more law and more regulations our legislators should attempt to reform our regulatory agencies That the SEC pursued a heroic stock analyst, Mr. Dirks, says much of what is wrong about current government. Were any of the regulators who instigated the case against Mr. Dirks ever disciplined in any way?I would be interested to know, but daresay we all already know the answer. None, I am sure."	11
Another article providing glaring justification for campaign financing reform. Limit contributions to $10 per person via a federal tax return voluntary check off. George Clooney is correct - it's all obscene. do these guys think their opinion should matter more than any other person because they flash their money wads around? Please NYT be careful. You don't want us to get the impression that you are beholding to these folks.	11
"First, I would suggest NOT using the person or people who got Phil Mikkelson into trouble.  Which he deserved.  You need some one more dishonest, someone who can do the ""coverup"" part more efficiently......"	11
"Most Bernie supporters (and I'm one of them) will not, repeat not, vote for Trump. They know he is a dangerous demagogue.  I think many will vote for Clinton, though very unhappily.  A smaller number will sit the election out.  An insignificant minority will vote for Trump.  However, if Bernie is the nominee, he will be able to peel away many Trump voters -- which Clinton cannot do. "	11
"Trump's biggest selling point to me was the fact that he was using his own money, and wouldn't be beholden to anyone. So even on that he is changing his tune. This man is a know nothing joke and anyone who supports him is just plain foolish.       Orange, NJ"	11
Donald Trump does not need the money from his donors or supporters as he is wealthy in his own right.  He can fund his own campaign and it will not make a dent in his bank account.  He is a billionaire after all and made his money the hard way - he worked for it.	11
"Donald Trumps children were raised by their mother, Ivana, according to Donald, not by him. He has said he had no interest in child rearing, he considers that woman's work, so why give Donald the credit that belongs to Ivana?!"	11
"Ghostbusters women, great idea!  Should be hilarious. Good for Sony for doing it. Being scared of the naysayers though, is dumb. Bullies depend on that. Stand up to them and they fade away. Bullies are cowards. "	11
"About half the population is female. It's extremely important that voters know Trump has contempt for half the population of a country he believes he deserves to lead. It's merely your opinion that this is ""junk."" "	11
"It is true that many, many Americans feel left behind in this economy and that establishment politicians just don't get it. That said, betting the farm on a man who is a serial bankruptee and who believes the country should just offer overseas creditors partial payment on its debt, seems to be a foolish economic gamble indeed. "	11
"I think plenty of people knew about Kennedy's peccadilloes; we wanted him as president because he showed the personal courage in his wartime service; the education, political insight and respect for the issues the U.S, faced. Trump displays none of this. He is coarse and immature. Worst, he is ignorant and irresponsible. "	11
Donald Trump may not be the most desirable candidate but he is far superior than the dishonest Hillary Clinton or socialist Bernie Sanders.  I will vote for him if he is on the Republican ticket in November (and it looks like he will receive the nomination).   We need a change from all the progressive liberal  policies Obama has put into place during his presidency.  We need to make America great again.	11
"Criticizing a high profile person for having armed protection while promoting a platform of ""let's have guns everywhere!"" is the thing that's disingenuous. "	11
"Sabrina, that's not the point.  The ""need"" for bacon and eggs was based on faulty logic and a desire to market certain products as far back as the 1930s or 1940s.  : ) We must do our own research and do what our bodies require."	11
"Yes, the NYTimes did cover what you call Bill's ""bimbo eruptions"". The fact that you use the phrase coined back then to refer to Bill's dalliances proves the point you are trying to negate. How dumb is that?"	11
"And of course, no one ever wrote a word about Bill Clinton's escapades, right?If you don't mind that Trump behaves this way, that's your business, just as it was for people who shrugged when they heard it about Clinton. But that doesn't mean it's wrong to point it out."	11
So the mavens of finance like Trump not.The better reason for those of us who shudder at their influence to vote for Trump. Let us help the Donald cleanse the stable and return the Republicanparty to the people.	11
"Trump will require a retraction, since the lead witness here has revealed that The NYT. Completely made up the conclusions and misquoted her. The NYT has so little credibility these days that they should give him the entire front page to respond. Any less will solidify their image of a biased propsgsnda rag."	11
"I tried to get through this slop but after a few paragraphs I thought who cares? There's like five articles about trump everyday on the times. We get it, he's a jerk. Report on something else now that you've created this monster. All these articles only empower a person who never apologizes or admits wrongdoing."	11
"Since there's little, if any, evidence that inherent sugar versus added sugar has a different health effect, why such a fuss about how some of it may have gotten there? Sounds like data... as opposed to information. It's more likely to confuse most consumers than to inform.Our government continues to force poor science down our throats, literally, as one food food ""pyramid"" after another becomes a quaint laughing stock over the decades. "	11
"You know, I get ripped off by blue-collar types all the time.  From the auto mechanic who charges me for services I didn't need, to the fast food worker who  shorts my food order (discovered only when I'm home eating it), you're far more likely to get chiseled by an average individual than you are from some ""high powered suit."""	11
I am somewhat surprised that the major brokerage firms are not in the forefront to demand significant changes to strengthen insider trading trading laws. Then again maybe I should not be. After all they are part of the rigged system and seem content with it.	11
"Great!  Then let's redo Nine to Five and switch sexes!  The mean boss is now a woman, she gets tied up for most of the picture.  Bet it gets lots of male attendees! "	11
he also poisoned his own white butler's brain with hate speech against the First African American President of the country where is your proof of this allegation?	11
"I was going to say the opposite - any meal where a pig has had to live a violent tortured life and die a hideous death, (actually make that billions of pigs) is a meal better skipped."	11
"Trump's behavior with women may seem odious.  But it gives to everyone a signal derived from evolution that he is a very fit leader.  Such fit leaders have huge egos and great reproductive success.  So, the more the stories about women come out, the more likely people (including many women) are to vote for him!"	11
"That the ""donor class"" is snubbing Trump is a healthy thing.  We are currently enjoying the most ""transparent Presidency in history.""  Yet, we have a dysfunctional health care system. A government that keeps growing and growing yet is impotent in solving crucial problems.  All because special interests continue to dictate law and policy."	11
"And who, exactly, is responsible? This seems to be the question at the heart of this year's bizarre political ""season."" Both Trump and Sanders are capitalizing on the outrage without really grappling with the problem. ""They"" sometimes turn out to be ""us."""	11
"There is a segment of the population whose members seem to take pride in the fact that they ""never eat breakfast"", often working that claim into conversation.  My anecdotally-based analysis is that such claimants are often (but of course not always) individuals struggling with their weight, and they're often the ones you see hitting the vending machines at 10:30 AM."	11
"This seems to make sense, even without a study.These are the exact types of things that need to be studied. Kinda like trickle-down economics, which is just ""common sense!"" Oh, but it doesn't work."	11
Liberals are working together to support a progressive candidate.  This is unacceptable to the rest of the party who want to nominate a middle right candidate thinking that that makes her electable.  It doesn't and we certainly have had enough middle right Democrats.	11
"Unfortunately a huge amount of research on healthy behaviors, diet and otherwise, has turned out to be biased, poorly supported, or just plain wrong. This is embarrassing. New York Times, we need a thorough investigative piece on why this is, and what can be done to remedy it. Thank you!"	11
"The interesting thing is that he considers his own funding to his campaign as a loan, that will be paid back by future donors.  These donors know they would be putting money back into Trump's pocket in one of his con games."	11
"Until the last decade, the television news media, both at the local and national levels,  hired some smart women but their  was also a requirement that they were attractive and skinny. Media as hypocrite yet again."	11
"In my opinion, message and merit of Bernie Sanders has been well heard and take in to consider by Obama government and Hillary too. But his presence and daily barking on Hillary is helping Trump to get elected easily. Now time has come he should be wise and bow down respectfully from the race and use his remaining energy helping Hillary and Democrats to win White House and more Congress and Senate seats. "	11
When have the press ever stopped reported on Bill and Hillary's alleged criminal behavior. I can't recall a time when they were not in the sights of some conspiratorial wingnuts. They're obsessed with the Clintons. Obsessed.	11
"Perhaps those who are overweight won't care, but those who do not wish to become -- or their parents -- so will.Surely one's personal experience is a poor foundation for public policy."	11
"As a white male, who was a huge fan of the original Ghostbusters I am *profoundly* offended by the casting of  four women for what should be male roles ..  wait, those are four of the the funniest women alive  OMG IT'S GONNA BE AWESOME!!  so never mind. I might even go to a theater for this!And Leslie Jones as a scientist?  Puhleeze.  Then again .. she would be the funniest scientist ever.  Just the thought of it ... :)"	11
"Although his followers believe the opposite, Senator Sanders is fundamentally dishonest because his clarion call policies are unobtainable. And the only reason he's polling well against Trump is because the GOP attack machine hasn't spent one red cent against him. "	11
"The only thing worth even a minuscule hill of breakfast beans is the unequivocal fact that the metabolism gets stoked up earlier among breakfast eaters.If you eat breakfast, and that breakfast does not represent a net increase in your daily calories, then you will naturally become a more efficient, calories burning machine, even at rest. And, you will be healthier, and more fit."	11
This is a man who in the 1990's purchased a high-end Manhattan condo so his mistress could live in it and then defaulted on the debt to the bank saying he shouldn't have to pay them.  At what point do people just say that is not the type of person you want as your national political leader.	11
"It is truly inspiring the way progressives are able to vote for an actual progressive Democratic candidate in this election.   While the party appears to still be dominated by Republican Lite folks, Sanders has actually gotten me interested again in American politics.  Maybe the country CAN be saved (and not just by Nader's superrich)!"	11
"If Sony were smart, they'd market tell the men to go jump in a lake and market this exclusively to women....but obviously, old Hollywood good-old-boys thinking still applies. We're out here, you know? Half of the entire population. Don't be afraid to market to us and tell the men to go jump in a river of slime if they don't agree. "	11
"FDR put stock market manipulator/grafter Joe Kennedy at the head of Wall Street reform because Joe knew all the tricks.  Significant reform followed to stem the corruption in the market.  The only difference today is that the fox is still guarding the henhouse, but the bloodhounds are locked in their kennel."	11
"Foster Friess supporting Trump?  How fitting - the man who stated that ""in my day, women used an aspirin between their knees""  when referring to contraception, supporting the ultimate boorish, ignorant, narcissistic, misogynist  juvenile in his absurd and terrifying trampling of what remains of the GOP.  They deserve each other - but the rest of the nation, not to mention the world, assuredly does not."	11
"Most of the women were misquoted.  One was on Fox and Friends talking about how she was misquoted.  She said at no time did she ever feel demeaned by Donald Trump .  Hue treated,her in a respectful manner.  The NYTimes cannot be trusted to tell the truth.  It tries to destroy those it doesn't support. It really hates Donald Trump."	11
"Trump has more Super PACs, including White Supremacist Super PACsTrump is by his own admission corrupt and bought and paid for by a White Supremacist Super PAC. My first rule is don't vote for the guy with the White Supremacist Super PAC, so Trump is out."	11
"One of the purposes of putting food in our body is to provide a source of energy that you can apply to your work. And if you happen to be a construction worker, or a nurse busy making morning rounds (I am neither), you need a lot of calories to call on to get you through your morning. Perhaps Dr. Carroll should take a poll among nurses about how they feel about breakfast."	11
Trump is assending the victory path slowly and he is steady and this will make him next president.wealthy men does not decide the political culture and its contours its the voters who r overwhelmingly supporting trump and he is winning summits after summits in ths dogged mountain like election.my psephological predictions were always proved correct and media cjars like murdoch of wsj will even come ultemately in his favor.	11
As a man I am having a really hard time understanding why any one has an issue with an all female lead cast. Is this the first time ever? Is there some law against it? Its 2016 y'all. Come on.	11
"My main fear is that if Clinton wins in a landslide, she'll take it as a mandate - to do nothing. Whatever you do in the Presidential election, please vote Democrat for House and Senate. We need to stop the foot dragging party of no."	11
"He did in the primary campaign. Why not ask Hilary and the dems to reach a deal where no Pacs will be used, no TV advertising-then I'm sure Trump would continue self-funding"	11
Go Times!!! I really appreciate you having the guts to do a critical story on Trump knowing that he would threaten to sue.  He has bullied the media too long.  His treatment of women is abhorrent.  I am sure there is a lot  of scandal in his business dealings too!	11
"tomjoad, the comment is not taking issue with the fact that the world has changed, but with the exploitation of an artificial controversy to churn up outrage over a trivial or nonexistent issue, fling accusations of one or another 'ism' at each other, and cover ourselves in unearned glory and smug self-congratulation for our impeccably correct opinions. Of course, if we all stopped doing that, there would be no NYT comment strings."	11
People that live in glass houses should not throw stones.....Trump better be very careful about attacking either Clinton.http://www.nytimes.com/2016/05/17/us/politics/trump-plans-hillary-bill-c...ion=stream&module=stream_unit&version=latest&contentPlacement=3&pgtype=collection	11
"I too eat when I'm hungry. My morning ritual is a coffee, no food. Then off to the gym for a workout. I do this 6-7 days a week. Appetite appears about 2 hours after the gym, around 11. I'm 44, 6'4, 190lbs, with 7% body fat. I'm fully in control and don't need a PepsiCo-funded study to enlighten me. If only people would start thinking for themselves and listening to what their individual bodies need."	11
"The Times is once again showing its intense opposition to Donald Trump's candidacy. Who do you think is best among the three likely choices?  A criminal, a socialist, or the one who has America's best interests in mind?"	11
"Phil Mikkelson almost got away with it......just imagine all the ""insider trading"" of which we are never made aware.  Mikkelson, Tom Brady, Joe Paterno, Lance Armstrong - just to name a few in the sport world who got away with cheating for a long time, and I am sure many still are.  If Mikkelson's case had never been revealed, I wonder if he would have ""paid back""  all that money?  Whaddaya think?"	11
"What's the big deal here.  Trump thinks or thought like most men: visual first, unspoken sexist bravado/boorishness coupled with the ""notch on the bedpost"" mentality.  Welcome to Venus and Mars.   However, the important part of the article relates to Trump's hiring of women in key positions when to do so was anathema.  He weighed their talent to make him money and hired them with very good salaries.  Enough said."	11
"Every few months it seems to change. Eat this. Eat that. Don't eat fat, do eat fat.There is good fat, there is bad fat.  You wonder why people are obese, it is so confusing.  Use common sense. Eat when hungry. Eat as little processed food as possible. Spend time outside, turn off the tv and go for a walk.  "	11
"For several generations, the food manufactures have been fine tuning what food taste, people like. Duh, salt and sugar/fructose, has been the main driver. All the fat people is proof they got it right."	11
"Wake up,  it's 2016 and we live in an age of social media.   Never before have donors for campaign spending on advertising been so inconsequential. The TV media will obsess about the cash issue, given Network TV is the main recipient of election advertisement spending. "	11
"Part of building a legacy and base for his pushing forward his policies is getting as much momentum as possible going into the convention.  Hillary Clinton did the same in 2008, as did Jesse Jackson and other candidates with a good delegate count.  NYT, why is this any different for Sanders?"	11
We don't live in the 19th century when most work was agricultural and labor intensive. No one has time to sit down and eat a traditional 1K cal bfast. But I do know that people get hungry after a couple of hours at work. If you are healthy and fit I don't care when you eat. But please don't tell me most of us are healthy and fit.	11
"This headline should be ""Grade inflation hits economic data interpretation."" For all but a privileged few and employed out-of-touch economists with full benefits, the true grade for the current economy is D-, not B-."	11
"There is also a segment of the population whose members seem to take pride in identifying the overweight and counting their trips to the vending machine, usually to feel better about themselves."	11
"I loved the original Ghostbusters and I adore Wiig, McKinnon, Jones and McCarthy. I don't care if men slime the trailer. I am going with all my friends with ovaries. If the men want to stay home and watch porn, let 'em."	11
"The very fact that Trump wants him to be the Democratic Nominee by itself  should make him withdraw from the race. Otherwise, he is equally responsible for Trump becoming the President of the United States of America."	11
Not true. I eat almost immediately upon coming  home (before 6) and want no breakfast other than a banana and a coffee at 9:30 at work and some tea and a bite of something around noon on weekends.	11
"Insider trading rules/laws just gives government way too much power. Like the war on drugs, insider trading enforcement should be abolished. At best, only those with a fiduciary duty to shareholders should be restrained from trading on non-public material information. That requirement is covered by other existing laws. Defang over-zealous regulatory agencies. Abolish insider trading laws."	11
And if only the Times' reporter hand't pulled a '60 Minutes' to spin the story.http://www.politico.com/story/2016/05/ex-trump-girlfriend-new-york-times...Shameful.	11
"I remain puzzled by Republican opposition to Trump. Major Republican leaders have all advocated and often put into action Trump's various statements. The only difference is that Trump embodies all the worst elements of Republican leadership in one overstuffed, crude body. The Republican disgust is in seeing their caricature in the mirror."	11
"Does anyone remember ""My fellow Americans, ask not what your country can do for you, ask what you can do for your country.""?None of these donors believes this.  They believe that it's their country and that it and its population exist to ""do"" for them.  Trump upsets the balance that they have.  It makes sense for them to put their money into maintaining their Congress so that it continues to ""do"" for them."	11
"Whole Foods Markets' in-store bakeries actually add sugar to Italian Semolina bread! Do they think their customer is so addicted to sugar that even the most basic, normally unsweetened recipe needs to be adulterated?"	11
Its Time Mr.Trump opens up and asks for help from his rich  followers and ordinary citizens who like Bernie supporters will oblige Ex: like me thousands of his followers are ready to donate  rather than depending on GOP donars who will want something in return if they do Donate	11
"You have completely misunderstood the physiology here.  Diabetics go into ketoacidosis because they go ketotic in spite of high blood glucose.  the problem is their inability to produce insulin appropriately.  Ketosis under low glucose, low insulin conditions  is perfectly normal and actually quite healthy, provided you don't starve yourself (which is a much longer period of deprivation)"	11
"Some people are missing the underlying point here.  The old republican guard is the very thing that voters want ousted - voters want them gone, and they can take their money with them.  New money will flow from people who are sick and tired of the old guard's corrupt, ill-advised ways. That's the whole point of this Trump phenomenon. This is what real CHANGE looks like people!."	11
We don't need to prosecute we need to heavily tax stock gains for holdings owned less than 24 monthsAnd a financial transaction tax tooGains on stock should be taxed at least as high as earned income.  They get to deduct losses.  This is gambling...just tax it	11
"Did you listen to the person who was quoted out of context by the vaunted NYTimes? How can you believe anything this article says then about anything? I expected this, unfortunately from the disgusting NYTimes Clinton PR machine. "	11
"Dear S.B., you probably don't understand but the article is about breakfast and not about liberal vs. conservative views. By the way, many of us up here in New York love all types of breakfast - except for that wallpaper paste you call gravy. "	11
"Attacking the importance of eating a good breakfast doesn't make sense. There's too much literature, not only by the food  business, that suggests it's more positive than negative. "	11
"the inevitable disaster that will followTry following a more logical structure:  the climactic disaster happened in 2008.  Since then, we have all been living through the denouement.  Eventually, even that will be in the past.  Yet, it could have been much worse."	11
"So are you saying that the story is true? or are you just nit-picking the language? If the quotes are taken out of context to make the reader believe something else was being said(or change the meaning), does that not qualify as a fabrication?"	11
"Heavens no.  Use your iMagination.How about having the BernieBro fill the gap, so our two party system is arguing about policy, as Paul Krugman puts it today, rather than policy fantasy and the post prandial behavior of the candidates?And if something like this happens, we have The Donald to thank for it."	11
1)_ It's not news; it's an opinion blog piece.2)   The point of the piece is that there are no strong statistics to back up any of the claims.  The basic bit of statistics that you seem to be missing is that statistical analysis is only as good as the data being analyzed.	11
"Of course financial support for Trump depends on the return expected on that ""investment"".  Certainly the investors will have keen interest for his views about issues dear to them.  The problem is what are his views.  His views change  like a chameleon walking across a plaid cloth so how can one place a bet under those circumstances.  No wonder wealth is leery of him."	11
"They sound a lot like the criminals, terrorists, embezzlers, fugitive Marc Rich, and coke dealer Roger Clinton, all pardoned by Pres. Bill Clinton in his last days on office, even though some of them never even asked for a pardon.  Big Bill was laying down some markers, like his wife does with her Wall Street patrons."	11
"It is all about Trump taking away their cheap, exploited ""illegally U.S. residing"" work force, who have no minimum wage, 40 hour work week, health care, safe work place protection, etc., etc.. They import such exploited workers while exporting the otherwize higher paying jobs. If elected, ""The Wall"" will be the first thing - of many - Trump will back-off from. After all be is an alleged billionaire."	11
"Social media has revolutionized our way of life in many positive ways, but in the negative side it has given idiots and nut jobs an over-sized megaphone. I'm not just talking about Trump, either. "	11
Our bodies know best. There is no need to eat when there is no hunger. Even when hungry skipping a meal helps our digestive system to rest which it needs as well as our brains and our other organs. In a country full of over-weight bodies and plagued with its bad health consequences short periods of fasting is a good advice to counteract the onslaught of food industry which puts profit before the health of the citizens.	11
Appears the woman in the article does NOT agree with how the NYT misrepresented what she said: http://www.msn.com/en-us/news/politics/woman-in-nyt-piece-about-trumps-m...	11
This goes to show you that we are still so behind - news that there are only females in a talk show.  When was the last time it was news that only men were booked on a talk show?	11
"The commentarians are having a fine time kicking The Donald around. I did not read all the comments, but I have yet to see one that is favorable. So much ""venting"" suggests a mob. Regardless of my opinions, I'd never join in with such a low-down, cowardly chorus. "	11
"Ann Romney made headlines for the prices of her designer cloithes and her horse. Obama was portrayed as a humble community organizer, not a highly paid lawyer."	11
"In American politics. money talks.  Trump is toast.  Those who buy power wherever they smell it but are themselves politically indifferent will belly up to try and buy some Clinton, because buying some Trump is looking about as useful as getting a degree from his ""University"".  Momentum builds, down-ticket Republicans start scurrying down the ratlines of Trump's listing ship.  What if they held a convention and nobody came?"	11
"There is no magic involved, it is simple biological fact that you need a good dose of protein in the morning. I used to do the nothing til lunch thing. I feel better and my mind works better if I have something high in protein for breakfast. Try a few almonds or walnuts and see if it makes a difference. Maybe if you had something other than a load of carbs you'd notice? "	11
"Or more simply be in U S House of Representatives or a U S Senator...they are immune from insider trading laws, no conflict here and even the Women usually wear suits as the men always do. "	11
"After hearing Rowanne Brewer Lane push back against her portrayal in this article in the media today, what is striking is that she doesn't see how showing her off as ""a stunning Trump girl"" isn't demeaning. He has taken a stranger and made her part of his collection; his property. Unless their sexists have a loin cloth and are hitting the women with a club, people don't want to know about it. Further education and sensitizing is clearly needed."	10
"I can't imagine Barry Goldwater being any more extreme than Trump. If perceptions are in any way valid or influential, then Trump should face the same debacle Goldwater endured. One can only wait and hope."	10
"Sorry, but any meal that consistently features bacon as a main ingredient is ""magical"", as far as I'm concerned - and I think many would agree with me. "	10
"So simple: drink when you are thirsty, eat when you are hungry, eat what you like (slowly and in moderation, o.k), and tell all those well-meaning, commercial-meaning friends and ""scientists"" to get stuffed. Enjoy."	10
This article is complete satire. The New York Times should be ashamed of themselves for finding a bunch of jealous women who are angry. Crowding the field with resentful women will not hold Mr Trump back from becoming our next president.	10
"Probably the most troubling part of the article is that Trump was in a position of power over these women and their success or lack of it was in part incumbent on their ""cooperation"" with Trump."	10
Exactly. The original was subtle and the jokes were not mini skits.. if these same Actors did a good film I'd have no prob.. the director has all the subtly of the three stooges.	10
"This article is a space filler. The future of our country is more important than any sci-fi picture. I don't watch Ellen, more important things to do, but I'm sure the talk show host will reschedule the female cast. "	10
Trump's candidacy reminds me so much of Reagan's. The main stream media is besides themselves and distraught that someone is running and won't kowtow to the liberal orthodoxy and PC police.  And the media is doing its best to distort and twist Trump's policies and positions.  But for a generation the public has been able to see through the media and its antics.	10
Ironically the Max Landis script for the Ghostbusters reboot was centered around Egon's daughter and was not a gimmick like Feig's version.As for the backlash it's getting....It is mostly the result of the slapstick tone which is very different from the Original.  Also many people find Melissa McCarthy annoying	10
"If that's the best the reporters could do in probing Donald Trump's life with women dating back to the nineties, then Trump is alright with me. In fact, he's even better with women than I thought, based on your story. "	10
"I have few, if any, doubts about the statements in this article.  I could never vote for Trump, and I'm saying this as one who has voted only for Republican presidential candidates starting in 1976.  My question to the NYT reporters and the editorial board: did Bill Clinton's ""extra-curricular"" activities get this depth of scrutiny from the Times in 1992?"	10
"Ms. California on Hannity now, calling NYT liars for what they say out of context.  Ms. Cali defends Trump contrary to NYT article. Seems to be trending here."	10
"I am no fan of Trump, and I find his recent actions and comments deplorable, but this article is a hit piece that is beneath the NYT.  Focus on his policies.  Those are heinous enough.  Of note, the woman in the lede has already claimed that she was misquoted by the NYT on this one."	10
"I believe that the traditions of thousands of years emphasizing the importance of breakfast is not based on life in a modern industrialized culture, where we do not need the excess carbohydrates to go out a plow the fields! "	10
These people are not just big money they represent the GOP establishment. They hesitate because they see through the empty bluster of Trump. But that doesn't mean Trump can't win. Remember Obama had to beat these same people. The progressive side must still mobilize in big way beat him.	10
"Unfortunately, this is the sad outcome of publish and perish academic culture. Significant results get the attention, splash and the fame that everyone is looking for. Insignificant results can destroy an academic career. We have no idea about the number of studies that find no association and never got published."	10
"There are two factors driving the election this year. One is economic, the other is cultural. The stagnation of middle-class wages and the shrinking of the middle class is one; the disquiet among white men about the increasing power of women, Latino-Americans, blacks, and Asian-Americans is the other.  The two factors obviously interact.What will decide the election is the turn-out of these several constituencies."	10
This article and comments reminds me of great show on CNN last night called The Eighties.  A great reminder of the awful time when greed became good and it's when the foundation was laid for the current mess we're in.	10
"The problem is that much, if not most, of this big-donor money will instead be flowing into House and Senate races.  Trump scares the dickens out of me but another fully Republican House and Senate are a close second on the fear and loathing meter."	10
"Actually it is fairly easy to know which foods contain added sugar...if it's in a jar like the photo, it probably has added sugars. If it is found in the produce aisle, at the fish or meat counter, it does not."	10
"NYTimes FUD alert. Trump will win because his positions on the issues is popular with voters. He got this far spending almost no money, while getting TV airtime worth millions for free.When the need arises, I do not doubt he will have enough money.Jeb spent tens of millions on ads and was beaten ""badly"". Money isn't everything in politics evidently.Hillary can spend ten times more than Trump, but whom would you rather meet? "	10
"The most important point of this article is that we don't know anything definitive about nutrition and diet. Research is flawed, reporting is biased, and  much of it is funded by the food industry. Most of our personal opinions are based on this flawed information being repeated again and again in the media.It really comes down to eating moderately and sticking to whole foods most of the time. The rest will take care of itself."	10
This is a prime example of why preserving Social Security and Medicare is so important.  Hedge Funds are just Vegas baby where the small investor losses.	10
"I eat breakfast because I feel terrible if I go for long periods of time without food.  I do not eat it because I think it is ""magical"", I happen to like breakfast especially eggs, toast, coffee, fruit.   A breakfast of starch is pretty silly but to each their own.  I dislike hot cereals and I do not eat cereals coated with sugar - but that is my personal preference - it is not because of magical thinking."	10
"I am sending this article to my (former) gastroenterologist, who can best be described as a breakfast-pusher of the most extreme sort. It won't change his mind - he knows better than those other experts, of course - but I, at least, will have had the last word."	10
"So, based on her history and continuing problems, you think Hillary can do the job?  And if you think America is great today, you must be living in the land of Oz!"	10
"Insider trading isn't ""fleecing others"".""Others"" need to do actual work. This work includes researching prospective companies, investigating their P/L sheets, understanding what they make and how they make it, and figuring out what the likelihood of future profitability will be. Otherwise, ""others"" are just pulling the handle of the slot machine, and thus ""fleecing"" themselves."	10
The first movie was plenty cheesy. It was a selling point. The naysaying guys out there are just being hormonal. Ignore them and have a great time at the movie.	10
"I'm amused to see all the back and forth here.  I just find the article boring.  People who like Trump are not going to change their minds, and people who dislike him will maintain their opinion.  There's nothing really new here, so I am not sure what the point was in publishing the article, except that it generated a lot of ""clicks"" for the NYT.  "	10
"@DCBarrister. Thank you, sir. The fact that you see that this president has only done harm to the black community gives me hope. In the name of unity and hope he has divided us along as many lines as he could."	10
"What is the sugar industry so afraid of? For too long, Big Food has been too reliant on public ignorance as a marketing strategy. In an era of tweets, YouTube vids and everything Google-able, this change to the labels is welcome and overdue."	10
"Please, ""Feel the Bern"" folks, we are on the same side. We are on the same side. Vote for anybody (locally and nationally) that support policies that will change the situation.Whoever that person is in November, vote for them.The only way Bernie or Hillary will lose (whoever is nominated) will be if we do not unite. It is as simple as that."	10
"Skimming through the comments section on this or almost any other article touching on health/diet issued, one realizes how many people use this as a forum for self-congratulation rather than for engaging in meaningful dialogue."	10
"Well I think the last round was partly financed by the sugar industry, so maybe this round will go better.  Also there is a big difference between adding a new products, trans fats, and reducing one.  We know the amount of sugar we are consuming is going through the roof, and we have a lot of evidence of harm we cause ourselves by this increase.  "	10
"Well said, Ken H. Though you must know that he'd be perfectly thrilled if a powerful man degraded and debased his daughters. He's done it multiple times himself to his own children. I can only agree, as other women are quoted as saying in this article: gross."	10
"NYT recently announced its intention to expand international coverage. Shouldn't they be focusing on accurate (Brewer Lane refutal) real news coverage in US first? Too many opinion columnist who gives us repetitive whine (Roger Cohen comes to mind), too few substantive reportage. "	10
The Times has the transcripts and recordings that will prove them correct. For whatever the reasons the person who is now refuting what she told the Times will be shown to be a lie. She said what she said. It is there on the record and Trump once again exposed as the liar he has always been.	10
"Everyone should skip breakfast considering that most Americans eat 1. Boxed cereal which is utterly terrible processed food.2. Or 2 eggs, which are high calorie cholesterol bombs3. Or muffins out of a box which are sugar bombs4. Or flavored yogurt which sadly is filled with sugar. Given those options I regularly just skip breakfast.   Keeps the weight off too.  "	10
"It's a mistake, in my view, to consider the question of breakfast eating in a vacuum, all by itself.  In real life, it doesn't work that way. Those who skip breakfast are more inclined to eat after 6 pm or munch later in the evening. What about those who eat breakfast, eat after 6 pm, and munch late at night before the TV? You can count on them getting fat and fatter.Joseph in Missoula"	10
"Sticker shock?  I don't think so.  Those of us who read labels have been aware of the sugar content of seemingly ""benign"" foods.  Those who don't, still won't.  That having been said. I think the distinction between natural added sugar will be helpful."	10
"This is a little overblown, isn't it? Does Sony believe millions--or even thousands--of Americans are going to connect ""Ghostbusters"" to Hillary Clinton? Neither the election nor the fate of a $150 million movie, will be affected by the strange connect-the-dots fears of movie makers. If only Hollywood's imagination was always this vivid."	10
It mistakes that Rich people would like to see someone in office who won't destroy the economy.  What would Sanders do that would be all that different from Hillary?	10
"There are breakfasts and there are breakfasts. Most Americans chow down on high carbohydrate, high glycemic foods such as bagels, croissants, donuts, granola, etc. As a pre-diabetic, and hypoglycemic senior citizen, a solid protein such as eggs or slow cooking oatmeal and fresh fruit (low glycemic) is the way to go."	10
"Most packaged foods at Whole Foods contain added sugar. Just because you bought it at Whole Foods or it's organic, it does not mean that it is healthy."	10
"Polls show Bernie beating Trump by 15% while Hillary lags.  For the good of the nation, it's time for her to drop out. The U.S. wants gazpacho, not dishwater."	10
Many of the commentators are attacking Bill Clinton with any negative comments on Donald Trump. This 2016 election is about Hillary Clinton who survived her husbands infidelity with grace which made her only stronger.Just because a person is married does not make them a bearer of their spouses misdeeds.On that note I would add Trumps current wife is full of grace and could easily stand up on her own .	10
"One assumes you work only one job and have more than 1-3 hours at home and awake in which to prepare all your food from scratch. Oh, and the assumption is also that you have access to fresh ingredients at reasonable prices and a fully functional kitchen.There are folk who don't. They aren't lazy and they don't need to be yelled at."	10
"Hillary was very rude to agents, and she didnt appear to like law enforcement or the military, former Secret Service agent Lloyd Bulman recalls.Wow.  Don't (at all) like someone's making fun of POWs, but if true this doesn't sound great either.We spent years with her, yet another Secret Service agent notes. She never said thank you.http://nypost.com/2015/10/02/secret-service-agents-hillary-is-a-nightmar..."	10
"This has nothing to do with ""Wall Street"" except that the people bought stocks.  These are corporate insiders given information to friends who trade on their Ameritrade accounts.  Goldman, JPM, Citi, Morgan Stanley and ""Wall Street"" had nothing to do with this.  "	10
"A new study shows that new studies need more study. Hook....line....and sinker. That is the American way. Look how well Trump is doing!Wait til you have to eat breakfast, lunch and dinner because you are taking medications. Another American trait, we consume 75% of the worlds medications.....and are not even close to the healthiest nation. Why? I think we need a new study. "	10
"Did you read the article? Do people who take mass transit to work do so because they like mass transit? Very odd of them.  He doesn't say anything about what you should do. You should listen to the only survey that matters to you.  The other ""surveys,"" he says, are mess, and don't clearly say what you should do, in his opinion."	10
Another article providing glaring justification for campaign financing reform. Limit contributions to $10 per person via a federal tax return viluntary check off. George Clooney is correct - it's all obscene. do these guys think their opinion should matter more than any other person because they flash their money wads around? Please NYT be careful. You don't want us to get the impression that you are be holding to these folks.	10
"These ""donors"" are facing a major problem:  if they ""buy in"" to Donald Trump, will he stay ""bought""?  The man scares the bejabbers out of the potential donors, and for very good reasons.  Frankly, if these guys are so strong for gun control, why are they even considering supporting a loose cannon?"	10
"Hey NYT, apparently you're not totally on the level here.Explain yourself:Carrie Prejean Boller, who was featured in The New York Times piece on Trumps alleged treatment of women, spoke out tonight on Hannity about being misrepresented in the article. http://bit.ly/25aRwKD "	10
"Or comfort ourselves with the consolation of a race impressively run. ""Wow, you sure made an unexpected splash! Pretty good for an obscure socialist from Vermont.""(Btw thank you ""MyThreeCents"" for your complimentary response to my post a couple weeks ago.)"	10
"A  more useful discussion would be about the nutritional content of what we eat, given the fact a high proportion of our citizens are malnourished even as they are over-fed. If and when the real question about nutrition is front and center of the much-needed debate and research, maybe the FDA, the Nutrition 'experts', and the AMA need serious self-examination before they claim knowledge where there is so little."	10
"Ms. Lane didn't claim to feel debased, Christopher; Michael and Megan made THAT claim for her! Ms. Lane said on Fox the same things she said to the Daily Mail last month.  Unlike the article about Trump and Ms. Lane which appeared in the Mail, this story is intended to be a smear piece."	10
"In a society with rampant,  incurabl, e irreversible obesity,leaving out one breakfast meal may be one small easy sacrifice,  no?Look at our waddling society:  Americans do not need more calories."	10
"IRAs and 401Ks under a set cap should be exempt. Or people should be able to transfer their retirement account balances to Social Security. I resent the fact that my measly ""retirement"" fund bounces up and down in value like someone riding bareback on a camel."	10
"Someone should do a large, scientific study about how on earth people survived without all of these large, scientific studies telling us what to eat, what to drink, how much, at what time of day, how much to run, walk, play, how much and how little sun we should get, how we should parent, fall in love, and enjoy life."	10
I'm looking forward to this level of in depth scrutiny of Hillary Clinton's career. Actually this was a pretty weak article if it was meant to perpetuate the Trump sexism story.	10
"Why is it acceptable to refer to Secretary Clinton by her first name and yet  in the same sentence, the man with no credentials whatsoever who the media previously called ""the Donald"" is now respectfully referred to as ""Mr. Trump "" or merely ""Trump""? When she is president will the press casually report ""Hillary met with Chancellor Merkel today""? Let's show some respect please."	10
"From your name, may I take the liberty to assume you are of hispanic descent?  And that you are a physician?  If so, I have always had this question: why does the media assume that all legal immigrants of hispanic origin would support bringing in illegal immigrants (immigrants without papers) from other countries?  I would not support anyone trying to sneak in from India into the US illegally.  For example."	10
"Could  it. be that those attractive  and articulate women who seem to have well memorized their TV lines in support of Trump are ""losers"" in his former beauty  contests?Their composure is their job well done, I bet, not from political conviction.   "	10
"Any sort of legislation passed by the current Congress will surely make it even more difficult for the SEC to enforce laws or regulate insider trading. These guys benefit from wealthy financiers who pay their way into Congress. Don't call for legislation until we get a real Congress in the Capitol building --  one that will actually legislate on behalf of those wronged, and not on behalf of those engaged in wrongdoing."	10
"He says that:  If youre hungry, eat it. But dont feel bad if youd rather skip it, and dont listen to those who lecture you. Breakfast has no mystical powers.What he is saying is don't lecture those who don't."	10
"Since they went all the way back to boarding school in the 60s where oh my goodness- a teenage boy liked pretty girls- I am surprised they didn't interview one of his pre-school female classmates- perhaps he pulled her pig tail when she stole his cookie at snack time- I mean, the world needs to know!"	10
"No, Kat, he worked to make the $1 million loan into his present $10 billion net worth.  A Democrat thinks The Village can do that for him/her/between. "	10
"But all those structured diets for the obese, so carefully thought out, fail long-term. There is no successful weight loss program five years out. Everyone reverts to their previous weight or higher.One factor is the perception of hunger. It is largely a learned response. People have to get used to having an empty stomach. Indeed, the stomach is designed to be empty most of the time. "	10
"The REAL reason they are reluctant to contribute is that he has presented himself as a candidate who will not give access to big donors, and, In policies, they doubt he is any more conservative than Mrs. Clinton."	10
"I doubt very much that this will bomb. I think it'll actually be a summer hit. And, seriously, what is the problem with an all female cast? How is this a liberal issue? Don't conservatives like women or think they can be funny? I don't get the issue."	10
"I don't think anyone has given white men power. They are largely responsible for building this country. As a brown female, I have been treated better by the white men that you so detest, than almost anyone. yes, including other women."	10
Oh heavens to Betsy! Donald is an alpha male in a fannypack wearing metrosexual world of the New York media. Oh woe is us! Alpha males are so scary! What a pathetically unremarkable article. Try again.	10
"Actually it is very easy to figure out how much sugar is in packaged foods just read the nutritional label. Even without the new changes, labels tell you how many grams of sugar a product has. I am an avid label reader and can attest that it is simple to understand them. And anybody who reads the NY Times should certainly be able to read a label."	10
"Put the funding issues aside along with all the other Enquirer level gutterish, swabbing around out there in the media. What we have here is a Palladin ""Have Gun Will Travel"" street fighter, who will get things done and turn our country around to become great again. "	10
"While this may have been true, now reluctantly, I am cutting my $2700.00 check to Mr. Trump as he clearly is the lesser of two evils. Trump's list of Judges is the reason why I have finally capitulated. Mrs. Clinton wants to take my gun away in violation of Heller v DC and the second Amendment. That must not stand. Hillary is dangerous to our liberty and hence, Mr. Trump now gets my financial support."	10
"Bernie has been invited to run as the Green Party candidate...  He should accept the offer.  Between real Democrats, progressives, independents, and moderate Republicans, I believe he could put an end to the other two parties who for decades have only represented a fraction of the top one percent..."	10
"Sugar (sucrose) and salt (sodium chloride), while working in different ways, were (and remain) important and necessary food and drink preservatives the world over before the inventions of modern refrigeration, canning and vacuum packing.http://www.scientificamerican.com/article/how-do-salt-and-sugar-pre/"	10
"If I don't eat a semi-hearty breakfast I get grumpy, tired and feel nauseated at times by 9 am. My husband has some coffee in the morning and operates without problems to lunchtime. Face it, there is no one-size-fits-all solution to eating habits.  On a related note, I will make eggs and bacon as shown in the photo for this story. Yum!"	10
"As with previous NYT articles, the unstated premise is that the race is over, and so Bernie and his supporters need to search around for something else to do."	10
did you know that sugar is in peanut butter and almond butter. it's stupid. it's in nearly everything. of about 20 different variations of chicken broth at whole foods..all but 1 contain sugar. making it more prominent will certainly reduce my time looking for sugar free products. of course I doubt that sugars masquerading by other names will be clearly labelled.	10
"It seems logical that every child should eat breakfast (the right kind of breakfast, and not two breakfasts, but one). And all adults should eat breakfast if they feel like it. After that, why do we continue to discuss it? It feels like intellectual banter. "	10
"Specious logic, JOSEPH. In middle-to-lower-middle-class Latin America, where most people are notably in good, thin condition, people have a small coffee for breakfast, a big lunch and small supper. (Of course, I guess that moost readers of the NYTimes forget that these articles are tailored by and to the United States public.)"	10
"the model in the initial segment is stating that this article does not reflect her actual comments or feelings.you should know by now that trump is beyond reagan, he's ""teflon donald""""If you strike me down, I shall become more powerful than you can possibly imagine."" - obi-wan donald?NYT really misfired on this story. "	10
"Well, I ""interviewed"" 50 of my wealthy friends and 46 of them DO NOT ""deeply resist"" Trumps's candidacy.Guess that about evens out the wealthy's opinion."	10
Is it possible for the news outlets to publish one or two front page stories about Bernie Sanders or Hillary Clinton without Trump's name in the headline as well?  I haven't seen many of them.  Kudos to Trump for all the free publicity he has gotten out of all the media options.	10
You're mistaken. None of those movies are as iconic and classic as Ghostbusters. Look at Star Wars and the criticisms its prequels got. People will never be happy when a studio just doesn't get what made the original great.	10
The article is interesting but the illustration is puzzling to me. Pasta sauces generally have sugar in them and the sugar that is in the sauce that I regularly eat (Classico) clearly labels the ingredient (sugar) and contains the amount of sugar in the list of nutritional items. There is nothing misleading about the labeling so it seems to me that this is an inappropriate photograph for this article.	10
"Bernie's legacy is that you can say a lot of nice things and get some people (many aged 18 - 29) to like you and follow you. Whether things would turn-out the way Bernie promotes them makes for an interesting story but it won't be a part of his legacy. This requires voters and getting elected. Shouting, making noise and making threats won't do it when you are the minority."	10
The problem isn't sugar and the problem isn't fat.  The problem is that too many people do not know when they've had enough to match their activity level.	10
Raise taxes to the 1950s levels and the sports gamblers won't have the excess cash to waste.  Same with art buyers and real estate hoarding.   So many problems are caused by excess cash being wasted on vanity and addictions.	10
It's embarrassing how much credibility the NYTimes has lost in the political arena. The girl who came out after your article on Trump's anti-Woman behavior said he was a perfect gentleman. Everyday when I open the paper there is another negative Trump article above the fold. Is there a think tank at the Times just churning out ideas for this stuff. Just report the news. Stop trying to make the news.	10
"The GOP needs to go away for a few decades and return with policies for ALL Americans, not just those who donate.....well hopefully in a few decades we will have done away with donating to elections"	10
"Not entirely true.  While the majority of processed foods do have additional sugar, not all do.  One check and you know which brands do and which do not.  It's not that complicated.  Most people do need to have at least some shelf stable foods."	10
I am a consummate breakfast eater. Over a bowl of oatmeal - with my wife as my audience - I routinely find solutions to problems as seemingly unsolvable as global warming and nuclear disarmament. The world cannot afford me skipping breakfast.	10
"The article quoted directly out of Prejean's book, and at some length.  How is she being misrepresented?  Perhaps she has economic reasons for wanting to curry favor with Trump."	10
"I love the way so many well to do citizens like to refer to themselves as ""middle class.""  The term serves them well, in their lust to avoid taxes and their greater responsibility to their country.  Let's realistically redefine the meaning of the term ""middle class.""  I've got mine, but I don't care if you get yours."	10
"This article had no trigger warnings!  Now I'm going to have to grab some play-doh, a couple of stuffed animals, and retreat to my safe space for the rest of the day.  I never knew that Donald liked women.  I thought he was gay.  Very, very disheartening."	10
If the GOP people don't get behind Trump THEY are going to HAND this Election to Hillary. They need to suck it up be a man or woman and get behind the Nominee Donal Trump BEFORE it is too late.	10
Insider trading is wrong.  Laws should be passed which define it and it should equal jail time and never allow those who are convicted of it to be in the securities business ever again.  Insider trading hurts normal investors.  It corrupts the system and we all pay the price.  The repeal of Glass-Steagall was a disaster for the average investor.  Both of the issues are only the tip of the iceberg.	10
Carrie Prejean was just on the news explains that they New York Times took an excerpt of her book out of context. She went on to say that she is grateful of Donald Trump and how he is a great man....the New York Times should have published the next couple of lines of her book to get the real honest story. Check it out for yourself....she was just on Hannity explaining. Don't believe the liberal media!	10
Seems you have to be bought before you receive donations. When will  average Americans wake up and see they have no representation. It is a government of the wealthy by the wealthy. This article proves it. Whether you love Trump or hate him is not relevant as to who owns our government.	10
"Slaving in a hot kitchen has never been done by the wealthy (aka: the healthy). They all hired cooks. To keep their steady-paying jobs, those cooks made sure everyone at the table truly enjoyed eating their cooking. That's why those cooks added sugar and fat. No harm, no foul. And, no one at the table could ever cook a more tasty meal. Although many tried."	10
You're going to the other extreme and asserting there's nothing special about breakfast after showing that we really don't know whether it helps or not.	10
"kind of creepy when all comments on a biased article are praising it in lockstep. NYT, have the integrity to print comments disagreeing with your bias. stop censoring.why not a misogynist comparison piece between trump, the serial boor and Hillary's husband, bill Clinton, the serial philanderer?"	10
"donors or owners? is there a difference? i think there is......these people are buying the government they want and they believe that that is perfectly ok. mr. buckley says the system needs a shaking it has probably not had in 100 years? i'd say 240, like 1776. the wealthy in this country feel perfectly comfortable making the rest of their servants and our government an extension of their interests..... time for a change."	10
"Actually you are wrong, this is not free press. The press does not have the right to falsely report something. Libel (a published false statement that is damaging to a person's reputation) is not protected under the first amendment"	10
"Has the staff of NYT spent the same time, energy and resources to dig up dirt on Hillary Clinton? It wouldn't be hard to write a scathing article about all the trash and debris in Hillary's trail. I am not defending Trump but the NYT is far from impartial or objective when it comes to their coverage of this election or their treatment of Hillary Clinton."	10
"So, the evidence that eating breakfast is important to health and productivity is not conclusive and . . . that means we should feel free to skip breakfast?Ni, he's saying that the evidence is not conclusive and that means that if you're hungry, eat, but if you're not, don't misguidedly shovel food down your throat because of pop nutritional ""knowledge""."	10
Maybe you should stop looking at the world through gender and racial eyes. It is a much more comfortable place to be and it more closely resembles reality. If you look for diviseness you will find it. It seems though you not only want to find it you wish to exacerbate it.	10
"I'm more interested in Senator David Vitter spending tax payer money on hookers or Newt Gingrich serving his cancer stricken, bed ridden hospitalized wife with divorce papers while he was cheating in her with his current wife.Heck eclven Mark Sanford skipping out in his constituents to hook up with his girlfriend while his wife watched the kids.Oh, you rightists wrlere under the impression only the Haircut cheated?Sorry..."	10
"His supporters would argue that he would stand up for our country the same way, and it's highly unlikely that they would see defending one's reputation as a character flaw.  And celebrities do sue papers for libel all the time, it's not that unusual."	10
"it wasn't a pool party she was at, it was a job as a model to provide female decoration around a pool for 30 male guests.  perhaps it was a paid job, I don't know, some say. but she was there at the bequest of a modeling agency, not an invited guest, she was the paid entertainment. just the fact that trump hired 50 women to be there should tell you something about his (and many men's) attitude towards women."	10
"Technically your vote does not count at all:  see Article II US Constitution. Electors, not bound by law in many states, elect the president. I will repeat this point until I am blue in the face:  the runner-up in popular vote in 2000 became president."	10
My father was always an advocate of eating a 'hearty breakfast'.  But he also had photo albums dating back to the late 1800s of his family on their farm.  Members were up at 3am tilling the field and by sunlight they were rightly ready for fortification.  The big breafast is a legacy of our agrarian society.   If one sits all day it just contributes to extra poundage.	10
It is hopeful to know there are some clear thinking citizens in America who understand the real dangers for America if Donald Trump succeeds in his quest to become President.	10
I'm a man who's not going to see it and thinks Sony made a poor decision in making it. Not because of its all-women team but because we've seen over and over again that it's impossible for the remake of such a classic film to be as good as the original. Pure laziness on Hollywood's part to keep re-hashing old subject matter.	10
"Thank you for doing this analysis. I'm 73 and I've been force fed breakfast for 73 years, first by parents and then by spouse. You have liberated me to assert that I'm not hungry early in the morning when others feel compelled to eat to meet THEIR schedules. What a relief!"	10
Rowan Brewer now says the NY Times lied to her and that Trump was a polite respectful gentleman and that she supports his candidacy. It now appears that it was the NY Times that treated her badly not Trump. Shame on you NY Times!	10
"Perhaps it will ultimately be like seatbelts and cigarettes,when our health insurers decide their costs are too high for treating diseases like diabetes,hypertension,obesity,etc. ,  they will put pressure on manufacturers to limit unhealthy added ingredients like salt and sugar especially in foods consumed primarily by children. "	10
"Well, we won't know why he's asking for money if he doesn't tell us how much he really has, and his boasts about that aren't any more reliable than his boasts about....other things.  And he won't release his tax forms!  Who claims to believe this other than his employees and family.  So people are telling us that he is better than Hillary Clinton?  Anybody who says this needs their brain looked at."	10
Why does the press take it at face value that billions of dollars in ads are required to win an election?  Why not embrace the power of the press?  Why not challenge the assumption that candidates have to sell out to win?	10
"Awesome. I almost never eat breakfast as I prefer to sleep extra rather than eat. My wife has been giving me a hard time about it for 10 years now. Finally, I can forward this article to her and end all the arguments!!"	10
"One of the fun elements of the original Ghostbusters was the absurd EPA official who only worried about regulations as NY was under attack! How would Hillary react to questions regarding a smaller, less intrusive government?"	10
"The question though, which you seem to have missed, is what exactly is insider trading?  If we're going to be sending people to jail, we must tell them first what they are not allowed to do."	10
And yet too many people deride and heap scorn on Bernie Sanders as a wild eyed idealist when he says our economic system is rigged or that the business model of Wall Street is fraud.	9
My recommendation: Ignore studies on nutrition. Eat what you like and when you like it; be an omnivore; eat exactly as much as you consume in the long run. It is really that simple.	9
"But isn't all the research on diet pretty much of a mess. If I could offer simple solution to a complex problem---let's try moderation. To better define that term--order a breakfast at a Pancake House and eat one-quarter of it ---oh, no bread, and order fruit instead of the bacon."	9
That's because people who write and work for the New York Times are well read.  They know Bernie and they see his shortcomings which are substantial.  They know Hillary and they see her as the most qualified person to be president in our lifetime.	9
"Why aren't you hungry for breakfast? Is it because you eat late at night? Are you also suffering from lack of sleep because you eat late? If you eat your meals at normal hours, then you will be hungry in the morning, and it is a good thing."	9
"You wouldn't be bringing home anything processed, but the entire produce aisle would be fair game. There's no added sugars in ANY fresh vegetable or fruit, not just ""some bitter vegetables."""	9
"As much as I am no Trump supporter, I viewed the whole $1.00 a year thing as ""we are rich enough- we don't need to draw another salary.""  There is precedent for this with other CEO's who start foundations etc.  While this article is chock full of examples of sexism, I don't think the $1.00/year is a strong argument of sexism."	9
"Interesting review of flawed, ""scientific"" studies about the pros and cons of breakfast consumption. Reveiwing science and concluding ""we don't know"" is correct/excellent; stating there is nothing magical about breakfast is concluding we do know something. "	9
"When it comes to nutrition, one size doesn't fit all.  You only mentioned research that only supports your side of the argument. While you sir don't care for, may not need breakfast, and are tired of being lectured...there are plenty of dietitians, nutritionist and trainers that can provide an explanation for the importance and benefits of eating something for breakfast. "	9
"The most recent polls show Trump in a tie or defeating Clinton.They also show Sanders soundly defeating Trump.I would say it's time for Clinton to throw in the towel for the ""good of the party.""Not Sanders."	9
"When and where are the debates promised by Sec Clinton and Wasserman-Schultz to occur before the California primary? http://www.politico.com/blogs/on-media/2016/02/bernie-sanders-hillary-cl....Its a Clinton promise, isn't it?  "	9
"I always know what I am eating because I make it myself. By the way, there was a time when I worked two jobs but I found a way to make it myself. If you don't have that sewage in your house, you can't eat it. "	9
"ABC News/Washington Post poll, on ABC's ""This Week"" program:  ""15% of Obama voters say they will vote for Trump.""  Because Novelty will always trump Experience, as it did for Obama in 2008."	9
"Nothing magical about breakfast? I've just eaten a breakfast of bagel, cream cheese, fresh fruit, bacon, and delicious coffee. I thought it was pretty magical."	9
"It boils down to two camps. Those that want to avoid products with added sugar, and those that don't want their products avoided so they keep their product labels obscure."	9
"One big meal sometime in the day consumed at least two hours before hitting the bed. A small serving of fruit or something similarly simple and satiating at two other times.And drink lots of water.Unless you have any medical or metabolic compulsions, you will do fine."	9
The most important decision the next President will make is who to nominate for the Supreme Court.  This fact will help Trump get contributions because the Supreme Court is much more important then the policies of the next term or two.	9
"That relationship needs some work.  You can show him this article, but that probably won't solve the problem.  She needs to feel that he is on her side and that if he tells her to do or not do something, there is a solid reason besides ""because Daddy has to have control"" or you are facing something in her teen years."	9
It does matter. Otherwise you might as well tell me that fresh organic blueberries (15 G sugar per serving) are the nutritional equivalent of Cookie Crisp cereal (15 G of sugar).	9
"Just like the NYT can get to a higher standard, so too can both candidates.  As they say: past performance is not indicative of future results, and I believe both Trump and Clinton could administrate well (if with different styles/goals).  "	9
"Watch the interview today with Rowanne Brewer, the primary source for the NY Time story.  Ms. Brewer was interviewed 2 hours by the Times.  She claims the NYT story completely mischaracterizes her and completely takes out of context some of her quotes."	9
"The last round of nutrition labels emphasized the amount of fat and the calories from fat in foods.  Before that, people studied ingredient lists to avoid butter, which was replaced by partially hydrogenated vegetable oil.  (Turned out really well, didn't it?)  This round emphasizes the amount of added sugar.  When this turns out not to be a panacea, what will the next round be?"	9
"I'm unhappy with the candidates in both parties. Neither option is pristine. HRC's husband is an impeached, philandering former President who lied about sex with an intern. Can we please focus on more substantive issues like foreign policy and domestic economic well being?"	9
How quaint. Let's see. You don't have to take kids to school or an elderly parent to the adult day care. And then endure a 2 hour commute to/from work.	9
"Most of those who pontificate about one aspect or another of our food systems have ""never gone without dinner."" Put another way, there aren't many poor vegans.In fact, pace author Carroll and all those wary of irresponsible statisticating, there might be a causal relationship... "	9
"You could write in ""Donald Duck"" for the same effect.Or...you could vote for Hillary and instigate a movement to force her to govern as you would like her to."	9
"In high school we called it ""gas money.""  As Springsteen sang, ""The door's open but the ride it ain't free.""  Bernie demands $27 each from his acolytes, and he's a Socialist.  Who can feign surprise at capitalist Donald's similar tack?"	9
"Hate to say this but this was a slimy ""got you"" piece of poor journalism.  There are so many other issues you could go after Trump, but you chose this topic for some strange reason?  Not a fan of both parties and I truly hope you spend as much time and money on Clinton's past.I expect better, and as a subscriber for a long time I hope this was a one time mistake.Please do your research better and don't forget the Clinton's.Nick"	9
"hard to tell if there is added sugar in that box or container? not really. ALL processed food has lots & lots of added sugar and salt. dont wait for the food industry to add info to its labels: just stay away from it. i read somewhere that without all the added sugar & salt, kellogs cornflakes taste like metal. METAL!"	9
The point is that forcing yourself to eat breakfast when you don't want to because nutritionists say it's good for you is a bad idea. The point is not that hunger is good for children.	9
"Seriously, these are four amazing and comedic women...i'd go watch them read wine labels...so ghostbusters will be a great opportunity to laugh and enjoy their smart playfulness. I'm sure most others will as well. D.T. does not need to be obsessively inserted in every single event."	9
I just wonder why my earlier comment submitted Sunday criticizing this article  was not posted.  Looked like the writers hoped to help Hillary Clinton's campaign but now it appears they have caused more damage instead.	9
"This was something that was long overdue.  Surprised to see Congress not opposing it yet but I am sure they will do that soon enough, you know, concerns about job losses and government overreach."	9
Congratulations NYT on a doing your job.  Folks should read the story and make up their own minds if they want to vote for Trump.  The free press is an important component of our democracy.	9
"Rather than get into a he said / she said as to whether the NYT accurately portrayed Ms. Brewer Lanes' comments (something she is contesting post-publication), how about publishing online a transcript of the reporters' interview9s) with her, or better yet a copy of the recorded interview?  Presumably, that will put the lie to the out-of context changes."	9
"It makes perfect sense to me that large donors, no matter their particular stripe, resist Donald Trump's candidacy.  He is not beholden to them.  To paraphrase the immortal words of Daniel Day-Lewis' Daniel Plainview from the 2007 classic, ""There Will Be Blood"", Donald Trump is drinking their milkshake!"	9
Interesting that the breakfast being  prepared in the picture--fried bacon and eggs--is far from a healthy everyday choice.  Which gets to the actual heart of the matter: The quality and composition of the caloric intake counts for more than when it is taken.	9
"The idea of ""blowing up DC"" without having any plan for the day after sounds like what ISIS is doing in Syria, Europe and beyond; destroy, destroy and finally, destroy, without any idea of how to fill the resulting void.   A very scary scenario.  "	9
"I would have been surprised if Ayurvedic cycles had told me that getting up at 8 or 9 is very healthy. Like all religions, Ayurveda has a puritanical aspect to it. Early to bed and early to rise!"	9
"Actually, thats almost the definition of mystical power: something for which there is no firm evidence that has taken such a hold of those who have experienced it that they believe in it. "	9
"Actually, you absolutely can question the validity of a a piece of data without your own, that is the foundation of the scientific method. ""This data has a lot of flaws, maybe a better way to measure this would be to...."""	9
"I'm confused.  How is Donald Trump different than many of the presidents we have had?  I am sure if every presidential candidate in our history would have been subjected to the same level of scrutiny with respect to the treatment of women, we could easily substitute their names into this article with only minor alterations!  And let me tell you, I have Donald Trump!  He's horrible!  Unbelievable!"	9
"As boorish as Donald Trump can be, there is nothing here that approximates in seriousness the allegations of mistreatment made by women against both Bill and Hillary Clinton which have not been featured this way by the Times.We have come to understand that newspapers feel entitled to reflect their bias, but bias coupled with hypocrisy is really a push, isn't it?"	9
"It was intimidating, she said.It is intimidating only if one let's it be so. If one is more concerned with personal ambition and advancement, over personal integrity then one can be intimidated and allow themselves to be called 'it'.(He brought me out to the pool and said, That is a stunning Trump girl, isnt it?  Ms. Brewer Lane said.)"	9
"Some of us are just not hungry in the morning. My tiny 90 year old mother sometimes forces herself to eat a piece of toast, but truth be told, we would both just as soon make do with our coffee.  All of my life, everyone has lectured and cajoled me (just like the self-righteous comments on this article) about eating breakfast.  Can't us nay-sayers just be left alone!"	9
God already sent the Pope to D.C. to help you.  Leave the Little Sisters of the Poor alone -- they face $70 million in penalties -- and He'll look kindly on your latest appeal.	9
"A lot of Democrats,such as myself,have come to believe that Bernie Sanders will represent our views in a most favorable way, It is really a shame that a lot of people,""democrats"" in name only have given Hillary the Crown,And that includes the New York Times   "	9
"This 'anti-establishment' aspect of Trumps campaign makes him more attractive to the typical Trump supporter who loathes big power players.  Although he is not qualified in experience or temperament to be president, Trump's campaign is putting together quite a list of disenchanted people."	9
"I love the NYT and gladly pay my subscription, considering it a true value.  I do not subscribe to The National Enquirer. . . . At least I did not think I did."	9
"It reminds me of Arnold Schwarzenegger:Fact-freeCelebrity-drivenBased on convincing people all politicians are terribleAn outsider shaking things upA ""successful businessman""Just enough liberal positions to trick a few DemocratsFathered a child with the housekeeperNearly bankrupted the state and had people pleading for an experienced politician to save them "	9
"Unfortunately,  the labels are still in grams, and percentages are based on 2,000 calories.  Few Americans should be eating 2,000 calories a day.  It's too much for older adults,  children,  sedentary people,  the sleep deprived, and most nonpregnant women. That's most of the population. When is this going to be addressed? "	9
"The first trailer for the new film, released in early March, became the most disliked trailer in YouTube history after a coordinated campaign by a group of mostly male naysayers.Or maybe it was just a lousy trailer?  If this article is an opinion piece then it should be on the op-ed pages. "	9
These types of purported events being reported as news is why people are being pushed to a disruptor like the Donald.  You are doing Mr. Trump a favor.	9
"everyone has seen th homeless w their signs, need money for food, or for th baby, or for renttrump might consider squatting in a favorable corner w a sign that reads, need a billion dollars for presidential campaign coins accepted, but would prefer  bearer bonds and Krugerrands "	9
"With some polls beginning to show Hedge Fund Hillary falling behind the monster Trump, the Democrats will have no choice but to nominate Bernie now.If not, most Bernie supporters will hold their noses and vote for Trump, now that he is hinting at boosting minimum wage and universal health reform."	9
"How to figure out what's probably better to eat?Ask yourself this about every processed item (i.e., something that didn't get to you like it came out of the ground, off the tree or from the bush) you put in your cart: Do I really want to eat something that is the end result of a manufacturing process that requires that the item be produced at the absolutely lowest price possible?"	9
"I eat breakfast because its ""my time"", a lovely, nod to procrastination before work or whatever:  coffee, grainy toast, marmalade, some fruit in summer, oatmeal and maple syrup with fruit in the winter, then on with the day.  But yes, everyone to their own."	9
"I don't eat breakfast at all. I actually don't eat even lunch. I can work and then hit the gym later and after that, I have a big dinner and it's really great. Great part is, I don't have to lose time with preparing breakfast in the morning and/or lunch for work. By the way, I'm doing low-carb."	9
"It's lovely that so few elected Democrat officials have endorsed Sanders, that the Party has shunned him, with the aid of the media, and now they want to tell him what to do. "	9
"Naturally occurring sugars can't easily be removed without additional processing.  Added sugars are trivially removed  by not adding them.  So if you are attempting to eat foods that are reasonably available, processed no more than necessary, and have as little sugar as possible, you want to know how much sugar is added.A better question is ""what possible good reason could there be for obfuscating the amount of added sugar?"""	9
"Double espresso with warm milk and a buttered piece of baguette...classic Cuban breakfast.  Then a few hours later, a big lunch.  It's worked for me all my life and it's been fine.  When I do eat a big breakfast, I'm hungry all day and eat often--great when I'm hiking, but not for sitting around at work."	9
"Interesting that Brewer Lane, who has taken CNN to refute this hit piece, is actually a Hillary supporter. This article and it's writer / editor need to be investigated by a neutral third party. Perhaps like the Rolling Stone hit piece, the Columbia School of Journalism should find out what really went on here.  This does not bode well for the ""newspaper of record"". "	9
"I don't think the American people agree at all with the thesis of this article. The 1% are the only group doing really well in the current economy. I generally disagree with the false equivalence drawn between Bernie Sanders and Donald Trump, but it seems pretty obvious that their popularity is being driven by dissatisfaction with the economy, which includes our destructive trade policy."	9
"They may or may not have Type 2 diabetes -- but whether they do or not, will not relate to what they ATE.Because Type II diabetes is not caused by any food."	9
"The smell of  freshly brewed coffee, of orange juice made for the ocasion, and of rice and beans mixed together (""gallo pinto"" in Costa Rica) with eggs and sour cream.. isnt that magical? "	9
"Hillary Clinton is playing by the rules that exist, and Citizens United is one of those rules. Yes, it's wrong, but the GOP made it part of this race, so she's beating the GOP at its own game. Both she and Bernie have called for drastic campaign finance reform, but before such reform can take place, one of them has to get elected."	9
"Well, this is encouraging, although I'm curious how Mr. Buckley felt about the relentless smearing of Max Cleland and John Kerry, by his various cowardly friends who'd never served a day. That was probably ok, I guess?"	9
"If I have a bowl of cheerios and a cup of coffee for breakfast, I will ALWAYS have a BM every morning, I am NEVER constipated.  I feel so much more relaxed. That's good enough reason for me to eat breakfast every morning.   That's just my take on this.  "	9
It is clear that Bernie Sanders has identified issues that are important to many.  The problem is his proposed solutions are extremely costly and perhaps not best ideas.Historically progressives were Republicans who helped all.	9
"Another change we need in labeling is rounding to the nearest half gram. Did you know that some diet sodas have a bit less than a half gram of sugar per serving? This may only add up to 4 calories per can, but it can be hard on a person with diabetes. Similar problems exist with saturated fats and trans fats. For example, powdered coffee creamer is loaded with trans fats, yet it says it has 0 grams for the teeny serving size they assume."	9
Breakfast--a four letter word for us teachers of the younger elementary kids.  Try addressing the ramifications of a class of 25+ many of whom regularly did not eat or drink anything before coming to school.  Teach?  Ain't nobody got time for that.	9
Anyone who heads the Miss Universe pageant obviously appreciates beautiful women.  But that was never a crime until the Times decided to put a bulleyse on Trump after becoming the Republican nominee for the presidency.	9
"At one time, I recall, the Birther Movement had to expand from meetings in the corner phone booth to a walk-in closet just off the mezzanine at Trump Taj Mahal.  Yes, as ""movements"" go it was almost bigger than The Mobe."	9
"This is a step in the right direction. Knowing and understanding what's in your food will allow you to make more educated decisions when purchasing food. High fructose corn syrup has gotten a bad rap while manufacturers add other forms of processed sugar. The obesity epidemic is easily traced back to our overall intake of sugar, this move will be helpful to those looking to limit their sugar intake."	9
This is a wonderful development. But we need to go further. Sugar should be demonized in America. It's literally poison to our bodies. It should be rated along the lines of tobacco and alcohol in terms of health consequences when consumed beyond moderation.	9
"Articles like these play right into Trump's hand. If the election turns into a debate about who has a better history with women, Trump will eviscerate Hillary on her and Bill's past. Trump will go where other politicians refuse to go, and if the campaign turns as ugly as people suspect it would, Trump can easily win. Clinton does not want to have this type of fight with Trump because nobody has beaten him yet. "	9
Breakfast is not important unless you are unlikely to make it to lunch without it and you won't have another chance to eat something substantial before lunch.	9
"I don't know if there is any misanthropy in the reboot. But if there is, is it justified by misogyny in the original version ? Aren't we supposed to learn from our failures in the past?"	9
"If you ate breakfast every day and made it into a morning routine, you might wake up one day, looking forward to breakfast and even feeling hungry.I love my breakfast and it makes for a great way to motive the start of my day. No other agendas, just me and my oatmeal, juice and coffee.Yes, it's a little bit of work but my brain gets a nice n easy start to the morning and there is always room for a peak at the NYT. Thank you!"	9
"(Not Mark) Not so. I don't eat after dinner at night (6:30) and am very rarely hungry in the morning. I can go without eating until 10:00 or so and feel fine, although not without my morning coffee! One of my kids is the same way. We just don't seem to like eating early. "	9
"I am not surprised when I read yet again another retraction of something that was thought to have health benefits. People need to use common sense when it comes to any suggest proclamations. Does it make sense for YOU? If you are in touch with your body, you'll know. Most people would rather go along with what's the current thought of the day then use their common sense."	9
"What does the electorate demanding change look like? I think it looks like Trump voters and Sanders voters. Did you expect to start with marches in the streets, the appearance of some miracle candidate who gets the platform right and has charisma, or wild gyrations at the ballot box? I think the latter; we're seeing it. "	9
"Obesity is also not a problem solely regulated to the US - it's a big problem in Europe too. And some of those things you've listed are not inherently bad.And European attitudes towards regulations are not the be-all, end-all. Take a look at the cover article from the American Chemical Society's magazine, C&EN, the other week on cosmetics, which are more strictly regulated in the US than they are in Europe."	9
"Anglo Saxons like to eat big breakfasts. Eggs, potatoes, bacon, grits, etc etc. Folks from Mediterranean countries eat small breakfasts, a coffee and a roll, and the roll is optional. I am from that background and after a lifetime of trial and error I have concluded that like my parents, I feel best when I have very little to eat in the morning. The best advise the author gives is to ignore the advisors. Do what you feel best doing.  "	9
"Thank you for this article.  I hope to see more in this vein as the veil is lifted from the shoddy research that underpins much of the constant barrage of popular diet advice we're subjected to.  What passes for scientific evidence in the realm of consumer-facing nutrition headlines seems very often to be based on shockingly unsound research.  More debunking is needed, based on real science--please keep it up!Heather Collins"	9
"@Brooke: I agree except that you say ""we don't grow enough fruits & veggies"" to feed the nation.ABSOLUTELY UNTRUE -- we grow mountains and mountains of the stuff, and throw tons of it away daily. There is no shortage of fruits & veggies in the USA."	9
"As Mark Bittman says, ""Eat real food -- mostly vegetables . A little meat.""BTW,  on the rare occasions I make tomato sauce, i have never added any sugar beyond what is in the tomatoes and a splash of red wine. No one ever complained about bitterness. Besides, the chopped sweet onion and carrot in your sofritto (mirapoix) should contain enough naturally occurring sugars to balance the flavor."	9
"I think the pretense that Mickelson owed Mr. Walters gambling debt is just a facade. If Mickelson were to give money directly to Mr. Walters that would be illegal as you are rewarding the tipper. But since its a gambling debt which no one could prove (maybe I'm wrong here), Mickelson can get away."	9
"Be careful, you may get a wordy reply from the story's ominous author that you don't need medication and it's all just a ploy to have you craving breakfast."	9
"This article does not address the secretion of Cortisol, a stress hormone, when the body expects food but does not get it (i.e. breakfast.) Cortisol is a major contributor to systemic inflammation which is at the root of many non-invader diseases. So, eating breakfast is more than just weight management."	9
"The 5% unemployment rate is masking a significant fall in the labor participation rate since 2008, which cannot solely be explained by aging demographics. Plus many of the employed have moved from higher to lower paying jobs since the crisis. Thus the traditional macro indicators may underestimate how much this election still hinges on economic issues."	9
Watch the trailer before jumping to the conclusion that the internet backlash is all a coordinated misogynistic attack. The movie simply looks terrible: the stars' genders is not a factor.	9
The same plutocrats that didn't flinch when they backed Bush/Cheney are now balking when it comes to Trump? My guess is that it has more to do with the inevitability of Madame President than it does with Trump's buffoonery.	9
"These people got to be very wealthy by knowing how to calculate maximum returns for minimal risk.Perhaps voters should pay attention to the calculations they are making here.  It appears that the wealthy donors are unable to calculate the risk, and are suspicious of the returns."	9
Trump should just run a Sanders strategy on the GOP -- ask the millions who voted for him to pitch in -- I bet he could get millions of his primary voters to pitch in $20 to $100 each-- and he would get more than $1 billion right away -- especially if Trump correctly points out that the old GOP guard is the group that exported our best jobs.	9
"I was born and raised in Italy, where no one eats breakfast (at least in the American sense), the obesity rate is lower, and the average life-span is longer.  What these studies really indicate is that beliefs and attitudes toward food are culturally dependent.  Any study promoting the necessity of breakfast would be laughed at in most of Europe.  "	9
"I read once that if you're not hungry within half an hour of waking up, it means that you ate too much or too late the night before. And we know that's definitely not good for health or weight control. Wanting breakfast is a healthy sign -- we should wake up feeling like we need to eat rather than like we're still digesting yesterday's meals."	9
"Wow.  Despite statements about him being an outsider and not a  politician it seems Mr. Trump is just like all the other politicians after all.  So he's no better than Ensign and Sanford and Craig and Vitter and Foley and Packwood and, well, there's too many to mention but one thing's for sure, he fits right in."	9
"At 55, I'm exhausted trying to keep my skills up and pretend I ought to be competing with engineers just out of college. What should I do? Give up? Fall off the treadmill? This world isn't made for people any more."	9
"When you eat isn't as important as what you eat and how much of it you have per setting. Eat what you need to fuel the body, work out, drink your water, and never compare what works for you to another. All bodies are unique."	9
"The teaser for this story on the website includes this advice: ""But dont feel bad if youd rather skip [breakfast], and dont listen to those who lecture you.""My life is infinitely more pleasant since I stopped listening to people who want to lecture me about anything!!!!"	9
"Blaming the victims - Democrats - for Republican success in obstruction - is wrong.Democrats do acknowledge these problems. Sanders fans seem to think they invented the wheel, and by yelling and hating everyone else, can solve it.Anyway, throw the bums out in Congress and States and local elections.Vote, people, vote."	9
"What counts is the amount of sugar.  I toss in a tsp of sugar to a pot of tomato sauce when I make it in the summer from fresh tomatoes.  That is not the same as 2 tsp in every cup of coffee (what I did in college).  Or, the obscene amount in cans of soda.  Reading labels carefully does make a difference.  Also, if it tastes too sweet, it undoubtedly is!"	9
"Saw the headline and thought maybe the article would pivot to the climate crisis.  The Sanders campaign is committed to raising awareness and action on this.  Of course, the economy we have is not sustainable as the impacts of climate change accelerate."	9
I can only say that I agree with you completely and your analysis is exactly right. This article is not worthy of the Times and actually will generate sympathy for Trump. I didn't think that was possible.	9
I'm hoping the movie will be good but based on the success of re-boots it doesn't look good. Now Sony is getting into the middle of primary politics. I would've rescheduled away from the Hillary visit.. People are looking to be entertained. Hillary is to polarizing whether you like her or not. I would stay away from any of the political candidates this election cycle.	9
"they LOVE to list in grams, which are meaningless in the US.  grams sound like so MUCH - but it takes 28.35 to make an ounce.  most people have no idea of what an ounce even looks like, and rationalize eating way more as it seems so little compared to how big they themselves are."	9
"And it's not just that we're supposed to have a hearty breakfast! Those of us of a certain age grew up with Mr. Wizard who continually preached that every breakfast needs to be Fruit, Cereal, Milk, Bread and Butter. "	9
The ubiquity of added sugar is not the result of some sneaky effort by food manufacturers to increase our dietary sugar intake. It is there because sweet foods sell better. Labeling will not reduce buyers' preference for sweet foods. Increasing preference for less-sweet food requires dietary changes very early in life.	9
"What if you exercise in the morning, especially the big lifts - bench, deadlift or squats. Strongly suggest you fuel up before this kind of training. On the other hand, Mr. Carroll, maybe you don't do this stuff etc., etc."	9
"Trump did pay people to attend his announcement of his candidacy.  I imagine he is still paying people even if it is commenters who are claiming that decades of mistreatment of women is the norm and that it doesn't matter and is all the fault of the NYT, not Trump's reprehensible behavior."	9
I just wished the three women characters were funny. I don't like McCarthys appeal to her incompetence and weight problem.  Just like I don't like the 3 stooges or the guy that plays Mall Cop. But otherwise I'm all for fewer men and more women.	9
"A large breakfast was an essential part of farm life in times past.   The day started early and the work was tough.  This translated itself into the general nutritional lore of modern living.  That said, some people do need to eat breakfast - I dislike this ""everything you know is wrong"" commentary.  "	9
"I find it surprising that the reporters couldn't dig up anything worse than this.  So, to recap, Trump is a neanderthal who occasionally gives women, by dint of his amazing generosity, business opportunities.  What part of this did we not know already? I can't believe that there isn't more. Unless I'm wrong, the press has not done its job uncovering more skeletons."	9
"If you want to know what Sanders is about look at the state that he's represented in one capacity or another for 40 years. Apparently a nice place to live but hardly the socialist utopia he promises in his speeches. Not even a particularly impressive minimum wage. He hasn't accomplished much in has 25 years on capital hill but then again, probably hasn't done as much damage as his more active colleagues."	9
"You didn't need to read the article to provide the advice you're giving.  There aren't many (may be any) good studies, but everyone has an opinion.  If it aint broke don't fix it, our bodies will figure it out.I read the article because I had a girlfriend that insisted that eating breakfast within 1/2 hr of waking was essential.  Not surprisingly, crazy making mythology surrounds every human habit and behavior."	9
Yesterday I received an online survey from NYT asking what it would take for me to unblock their ads from my digital subscription.  How about you do some professional campaign reportage first?  Then we'll talk.  Your attempts to sway readers into voting for that wooden neo-corporatist false Democrat are pathetic.	9
there are a number of comments that refer to ivana  and her role in the business. why isn't she interviewed? why don't the children ever speak of their mother?  the omission of credit to her for the business and the successful children speaks to his regard for women: let them do the work and the strict narrative is  I'll take the credit	9
"The good news for leftists, progressives, and socialists like me is that there is little difference between the *achievable* parts of Clinton's and Sanders's policies.   Clinton cannot match Sander's exalted rhetoric and claims of moral purity, of course.  Those aspects of politics are real, but ephemeral.  "	9
"To Anon,Most of Sanders top campaign people have been working with him for years on his prior campaigns. Some are new to politics. Not many DC types. But it's not who you higher, or what they are paid. It's the source of the money that is important."	9
"His legacy is that he should run as an independent and win the presidential election. He ran in good faith as a Democrat, only to face a system and a process that was rigged from the start, rife with fraud and manipulation and facing a biased corporate media (that includes you NYT). "	9
"Breakfast = break fast, as in first meal of the day.  For most of human history, wouldn't we have had to work for that first meal?  Why would people think that adults rolling out of bed and immediately consuming calories is evolutionary/natural?  "	9
"Actually, the Wall Street candidate was John Kasich, who spent eight years as a director at Lehman Brothers, up until Lehman's collapse touched off the ""Big Short"" global crash."	8
"I've become a label reader and look forward to this change. Every little bit of info helps, especially in products containing milk. I avoid  sweetened yogurts and the obvious stuff, but was shocked to walk down the bread aisle and see how many ""whole wheat"" varieties have sugar as the second ingredient. It was a challenge to find a brand that at least had sugar farther down the list.  "	8
"More on the aesthetics of Trump. The beauty, media and entertainment fields are a judgy business.  That will offend some people.  Time has elapsed so the she said he said has new context.  These efforts to nick Trump miss the larger picture of his support; voters dissatisfied with far more than the aesthetics of their messenger. "	8
"And yet, there seems to be growing evidence that fasting and partial fasting are healthy. I'm 69 years old, very active (workout daily) and in great health. For the past two years I've restricted my eating to the hours between 6 and 9 in the evening. I have more energy than I had when eating three meals a day. My blood work is good and I've been able to eliminate the blood pressure medicine I was taking. "	8
"Meet the Press, this morning:NBC / Wall St. Journal poll April 10-14, m.o.e. 3.1%, andNBC / Wall St. Journal poll May 15-19, same margin of errorHillary:  50% approval, Donald 39% in AprilHillary:  46% approval, Donald 43% in May* * *Trending toward Donald's win in November, ineluctably."	8
Congress does not solve problems.  From where I sit they have managed to have a steady salary and the best healthcare (but don't want us to have any of either) and they are probably the biggest inside trade recipients of all.  Just because we don't hear about it  doesn't mean it is not rampant.ps they also have the best vacation schedule in the USA	8
"Don't know if it is a security audit or investigation into possible violations of laws, however I would think that the FBI would have acted by now if they did in fact have any new evidence about Secretary of State Clinton rather delaying any necessary steps further into the campaign cycle.  It's not as though there is a locked device delaying their investigation and preventing them from uncovering / revealing necessary information to voters."	8
"It's probably a good idea for children to eat breakfast becausethey're still growing. For adults, some are hungry in themorning, some aren't, we're all different. Why all the ""strumand drang""... who cares?"	8
"True, mass-produced industrially processed and packaged foods require salt and sugar. Preserve your own meats, fruits and vegetables by drying, canning and freezing. http://extension.colostate.edu/topic-areas/nutrition-food-safety-health/... Buy naturally leavened preservative free breads from your local baker, and don't be fooled by the so-called artisanal the baked-in-store variety."	8
We might expect Congress to give up its own brand of insider trading when upcoming legislation favors market values.  But they rejected that option -- asking the foxes how they like their chicken.	8
"Ha! While I always love hearing a Russian perspective, especially a personal one like yours, and I do agree with what you say, especially regarding the fact that it's the atheists that force civility upon the religious hordes. But I think you inadvertently posted to the wrong article. Your comment on civility while traveling in foreign countries landed in the middle of an American breakfast war!"	8
"As a teen, I loved Ghostbusters, but Shakespeare it's not.  There is simply no nuance or meaning to be mined in retelling this story, and no reason that this movie should become a litmus test for where ones stands on the issue of gender equality."	8
"Hi NY Times post,I'm a US Soldier stationed in Europe.  Believe it or not through out much of southern Europe breakfast is not really a thing.  Italians tend to favor large dinners and the French like to favor big lunches.  Most folks in this part of the world only will eat a croissant and a small coffee for breakfast."	8
"I like Spider-man, I grew up reading and watching it. If Marvel decides to change spider man to a black person I would not agree to that concept. Not, because I am racist, but because I grew up thinking of Spider-man as that certain character. I don't understand why Sony is automatically insinuating that those who are against this idea of Ghostbusters are anti-feminist. "	8
"Unfortunately, there is no longer a presidential candidate in Republican.Donald Trump has no dignity and quality as a candidate for president.I don't think trust him. He seems to have a very weak and bad character.If he become president, the United States, as well as the world would fall into chaos."	8
"It's a personal decision to decide whether or not Trump's treatment of women is boorish, sexist, etc, or not.  I think it is.  Apparently Brewer Lane did not.  But his reaction to the reporting of his behavior, threatening a lawsuit and demanding a retraction, reveal a deep character flaw-he has an uncontrollably bad temper.  If he is elected, let's just hope that other heads of state who their own ""nuclear codes"" don't have twitter."	8
What the article misses is that Trump treats men / male colleagues similarly. I don't think he'll bite his tongue whether speaking to a women or insulting a guy. Equal opportunity after all perhaps.	8
I'd suggest those two (economic injustice and the state of the economy) are not the same thing.I would also suggest that this distinction be brought clearly out in the open and spoken about loudly unless you want to lose your message when the economy does start growing at 4%+.	8
"A white roll and coffee -- I can't eat either (celiac, and coffee gives me palpitations and the jitters). I don't consider that a good breakfast, it's just a habit of theirs. A banana and some fluid (water, milk of some kind) works for me. "	8
"Ezekiel Bread and similar products have no added sugar, they're from sprouted whole grains and legumes leading to a smaller rise in blood sugar than even other whole-grain breads, and they're available at my local Safeway. I'm pretty sure white bread, popular in most European countries (maybe Germany, with their awful dense rye bread, is an exception), isn't great for diabetics even without added sugar."	8
"Jesper Bornoe in Denmark:""the sugar lobby seems to have the FDA in its grip.""Apparently not since the sugar lobby is definitely not happy with these FDA rules. "	8
Why don't the food companies label the sugar amount by the package and not on daily caloric intake or portion size ?   Wouldn't that be easier so the consumer can decide. Or would that not be deceiving enough so the food companies can load  more sugar-drug in our foods?	8
"I eat Special K (the plain one) with bananas and/or strawberries mixed in. Then I have a cup of coffee and then I have a Chobani coconut before I leave for work and I'm good to about 1pm. I've had this same breakfast everyday for years. I'm very consistent but a little boring, like my food choices. "	8
"I always found it curious that gluten and GMOs, largely innocuous items, have dominated food discussions, while known disease causing items like sugar (diabetes, obesity, tooth decay) and alcohol (cirrhosis, oral cancer) seem to get a free pass."	8
"I am the same.  Breakfast I added after many recent lectures.  Gained 10+ pounds and felt more lethargic than normal. There are times we need to listen to  lectures (vegetables are healthier than candy) and times we need to listen to our bodies.  Still working on the 10 pounds, alas, but not feeling I must have breakfast unless it's included free at the hotel. Then I skip lunch.  "	8
"Given that Trump has been peddling that he funds his own campaign and sells that as a plus to his supporters, and if indeed his net worth is $10 billion, he should be able to continue funding his general election campaign. So I think these guys are right in not donating.I am against trump but if he truly is self funding his own campaign I may even vote for him in November."	8
"Louise, you said: ""The question is - how long will the American people stand still for this corruption....""What would you have us do Louise? Vote for Bernie when he won't be the candidate?"	8
The woman in the first story says that the portrayal is false. She did not have a negative experience with Donald Trump. Will NY Times answer this?Former Trump girlfriend hits back at 'upsetting' NYT cover storyhttp://www.politico.com/story/2016/05/ex-trump-girlfriend-new-york-times...?	8
"It's science CC. And it's never done. There is always more to discern, discover, disprove, affirm. Science is not capricious, but it is done by human beings - most of whom acknowledge their humanity and fallibility and continue on to find answers even knowing there is always more to know. Each of us is unique in total by virtue of small differences. The writer acknowledges that one answer does not suit all questions.L&B&L"	8
"After the Google flap about alleged bias, does including a link to what the sugar industry wants consumers to hear (and they don't want consumers to hear anything else!) up the Times' ""conservative"" credibility?"	8
"In answer to the question in the title - the following statement provides an insight: ""And Mr. Sanders himself does not have a reputation for leadership; in Congress, he is seen as more of a lone wolf, known more for introducing symbolic legislation than for methodically building constituencies."""	8
The trailer was good. I saw a lot of the hate unfold about the movie on these men's rights sites for GB and unfortunately they succeed in their campaign to make the trailer the most disliked. I'm not surprised Trump commented on it because these guys LOVE Trump. They tried the same thing with Fury Road because a woman had the lead and the Road Warrior was in a more passive role.	8
"agnotologyThanks for the term to place on precisely what I feel is happening here as well. Critical thinking, critical reading... whatever you do, don't swallow the goose egg whole. And this opinion piece is one big ZERO.Haven't people noticed the process yet? Create confusion, make people doubt science, and you can lead them to whatever behaviour (or policy!!!) you please. When the NYT gets in on the act though, I get a little nervous."	8
"From what I hear, the women quoted now all say the NYT took their comments out of context and twisted their words around..Will the NYT admit this and apologize and retract this lie of theirs?"	8
"I generally feel dull after a big breakfast, and sometimes even a small one. When travel, food is part of the experience, and breakfast can be quite interesting in some places and worth feeling dull till about 2pm."	8
"People who donate to political campaigns expect those who received the money to give them something in return, the way the Clintons have their entire careers.No one knows if Trump is as corruptible.  So why give him money?"	8
"As a Type 2 diabetic, I have found my blood sugar actually lowers after I eat breakfast. It stimulates my metabolism and jump starts my body. Of course I eat low carb and only have eggs and proteins."	8
"I'm just thrilled that my twenty something colleagues will no longer look at me quizzically when I quote lines from this movie. Now if we could just get an update to ""Calgon, take me away....""Ladies, take it away!"	8
"I think it's too late now. The NYT could choose to cover tough issues, but every single time they fall into this trap, they love to talk about politics and sex. "	8
"Well, if your body doesn't expect food, no reason to eat breakfast, right? And if you force yourself to eat breakfast when your body doesn't want it - stress and cortisol result? You suffer from the exact same bias that this article is really about. "	8
"I had the same experience years ago when each of my three went off to school. Suddenly it was a human-rights violation that there were no pizza-flavored goldfish or ""fruit"" roll-ups  in our house (among other delicacies).My advice: Give up on controlling what happens in other settings, but provide only foods you feel good about in your own kitchen. Mine all adjusted well to this regimen (after some early griping)."	8
So true...Eating a pastry in Europe has so much less of a refined sugar taste than a similar pastry here for example. Recipes here cater to American need for sugar - another example: a cupful of white sugar plus 1/2 cup brown sugar in a cake or cookies - yuk!	8
I have not heard anyone dispute the facts presented in the article.  It is up to the reader to draw his or her own conclusions about Trump's behavior.  IMO the perception of Trump that emerges from this article is consistent with Trump's own behavior during his campaign for president.  Perhaps that is what is troubling.	8
"But your body reacts to them as it does to other added sugar.  It is good some healthy things come along with the sweetener, but the easily accessible sugar is still a problem, and people need to know it is there when they choose the product.  "	8
"In that photo Hillary and Ellen look related -- strong resemblance!Who gets to play Mr. Stay-puft, Bernie or The Donald?https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d-sALU_hveA"	8
"My farmer grandparents got up, had coffee ,went out and tended their livestock , returning for a meal. It gave Moms time to get eggs and fire going. What they didn't have were constant snacks and a sedentary lifestyle."	8
"Too many packaged food items use unrealistically small serving sizes to mask the amounts of fat, sodium, and sugar in their products.  Unless companies are forced to label packaging to account for how much consumers are actually eating in one sitting, any labeling changes will be incomplete."	8
"Isn't this a matter of degree? Any cook knows that occasionally a dish needs a small amount of sugar to round out rough edges or pull together an acidic sauce. If it doesn't taste sweet, it's unlikely to be unhealthy; and if it does, you know you should be moderate. It's not rocket science."	8
"Actually, Brewer Lane did say she was misquoted and that she will be supporting Donald Trump in the general election.http://www.usatoday.com/story/news/politics/onpolitics/2016/05/16/new-yo...As I mentioned yesterday, she told the Daily Mail last Month that Donald is very how and gentle. She contacted Fox News to set the record straight. "	8
"THANK YOU! Finally someone on the other side of the whole ""breakfast is the most important meal"". Not for me. It isn't. In fact, I find that in the rare occasion I eat breakfast I eat so much more during the day. And just like you, I LOVE breakfast food, I just do not want it in the morning, I don't have an appetite early, all I want is my coffee and water."	8
"But TV pundits insist Republicans are giving total support to Trump. Polls aside, this guy only got 11 million of 33 million votes cast in caucuses and primaries. Hillary got 13. Many in the media will lose their jobs or viewers if the race isn't close. Clinton hasn't even got her post-nomination bump yet."	8
"Totally agree. ""The research is flawed"" does not equal ""That hypothesis is wrong and my (unsupported) theory is right."" Good grief. This is an article designed to stir the masses and encourage us all to comment and argue. "	8
"My uncle, the Cap'n of a pirate ship, may be a tad animated and flamboyant (white mustache, bright blue suit), but he attributes 50 successful years on the high seas to a sugar-coated corn breakfast that provides 8 essential vitamins and is part of a balanced and nutritious breakfast.  I admit the cereal is an odd orange color, and can cut the roof of my mouth at times, but I know from experience it's the most important meal of my day. "	8
"Sanders has already left a legacy. You can mount a well run and well funded presidential campaign - and an insurgent, come-from-behind one - without seeking (groveling for?)  money from PACS,  bundlers, and super rich donors."	8
"...laughed at in most of Europe. Well, thats just not true. Southern Europe yes, but in Central and Northern Europe people don't laugh at breakfast. They eat it."	8
Not sure what NYT is trying to portray; the  the biggest Republican donor Sheldon Adelson of Las Vegas has already committed  $100 million to Donald Trump campaign. The headline article article of your newspaper talks some non supporting Republicans whose contributions would add up less than $ 10 million or so.	8
"Movements to discredit nutritious foods are often driven by competing interests and not facts. For example, milk , eggs, and plain potatoes, the most nutritious and cheapest of foods, are now avoided by the same people who wolf down sugar- and salt-loaded snacks, and more than half the population is overweight."	8
Now that a number of the women quoted in this article have come forth to dispute your account of the facts it is made clear this is a hit piece. Keep it up NYT this will convince more and more people to vote for Mr. Trump in the fall.	8
"I thought it was common knowledge by now that anything from Kraft Foods, Nestle, General Mills, Unilever, PepsiCo and the like are to be strenuously avoided."	8
You are exactly right. In my house my 15 year old boy eats a breakfast because he is hungry. I am a 54 year old man who is not hungry and I maintain a  normal body weight.  I usually eat very little for breakfast.	8
I have written to the F.D.A to plead for the amount of sugar to be listed as teaspoons in addition to or instead of grams. How many people know that 4 grams is equal to approximately 1 teaspoon? Most of my college educated friends had so clue about this and I'm sure most Americans don't. This would make so much sense and I believe it would greatly reduce the sugar consumption in our country.	8
I spent my twenties working hard physical labor. Then I moved into an office setting working with computers. In neither case did I eat breakfast. I just never ever felt hungry in the mornings in my whole life. I still don't.	8
"how presidential, he shares another trait a lot of presidents have had (albeit mainly democrats) like the husband of the one he is running against. Damn, another reason to vote for the donald. I wish he would pick Bernie for a running mate, that would stick it in the eye of ALL the political elite this year. "	8
"For many of us middle class folks, the economy is sound enough to make a living wage. Our #1 economic concern is being allowed to keep enough of what we earn to maintain our standard of living rather than having it ""redistributed"" to those who have done nothing to earn it and no plausible way to claim they deserve it."	8
"By the time something appears in the Wall Street Journal, it already happened. If youre not investing for long-term value, a little birdy knows more than Warren Buffett. Figuring out the connections among market participants could take government lawyers a lot of study, because they may not be connected in any waynot a way that can be proved."	8
"The prescription is, ""do what you want, because in this case we really have no idea what's best for you or for anyone besides doing what you want."" How is that bad?"	8
"Elizabeth, not sure if, by ""pusher,"" you mean that your [former]gastroenterologist promotes breakfast with enthusiasm, or rather, with arrogance. In either case, my vote goes to him. After all, other than for an ensuing case of hiccups or gas, what could possibly be irrational about starting the day with yummy victuals?"	8
"The logic of all these studies and the writer's habit of skipping breakfast except for coffee is to eat a small breakfast.  I have a half-cup of oatmeal and fruit (blueberries) covered by a small amount of fat-free milk. And fresh squeezed OJ, which is my ""coffee."" It's satisfying and relatively healthy. At age 81, I have not tasted coffee yet."	8
"Now might be a good time to re-watch the old Woody Allen film, Sleeper. The co-owner of the Happy Carrot Health Food Store dies during routine surgery, is cryogenically preserved, and thawed out two hundred years in the future. Turns out what was considered good for you is actually bad. What was considered bad has been determined to be good  coffee, chocolate, cigarettes, etc. Breathe deeply, you really want to get that smoke into your lungs."	8
"Ridiculous, a good * breakfast and I have energy for much of the day ahead.  A light lunch is all that is needed besides.  I cannot imagine working through the morning and beyond with having eaten a good breakfast.* Nutritious"	8
"Eggs and baconthe typical American breakfastare a heart attack on a plate, so skipping them really does do a body good. If I didn't have time in the morning, I would probably not eat breakfast, but since I don't always get a chance to eat lunch, breakfast is a great way to stock up on fuel. If I don't have it, I'm running on vapors."	8
"At home, I'm like the author:  Coffee and a high fibre drink (recommended by my gastro-enterologist) are it for the morning,  On the road, especially when visiting Ireland or Britain: I go whole hog, the ""full fry"" (complete with black pudding, eggs, beans, and whatever else the local big breakfast tradition is).  Either way, I seem to do fine.  I never have believed all the hype about ""the most important meal of the day."""	8
"The article is incorrect in stating that fruit juice concentrates are pure sugar. They do have the nutrients and polyphenols of the fruit. For example prune juice concentrate contains fiber, potassium, magnesium, b vitamins and other minerals."	8
"That's the best idea I've read this morning. Labels now are aimed at deception. The latest trend I've noticed, is that companies make the serving size different from the individually packed portions; so you get 5 servings in a box that contains 2 individual packs!"	8
"Three hilarious SNL gals and Melissa McCarthy team-up for a Ghostbusters reboot and gender is an issue? Forget Netflix or DVDs, I'm seeing this movie with very expensive, butter(ish) popcorn in front of a huge screen."	8
"Breakfast is the stuff dreams are made of in California and Colorado. Cannabutter turns toast into a magical mystery tour. Mood specific bottles of juice line dispensary shelves. Who needs Red Bull when the chunky spiced apple muffins give you wings? Oh yes, dear readers, there is something altogether spiritual happening by the dawn's early psychedelic light over on the west coast."	8
"I used to feel light headed riding a bicycle uphill when I had not had breakfast. Not so any more, perhaps because I'm older or just that I'm used to it. I hardly ever eat anything before 11 AM or so."	7
"I have seen ""crystallized cane juice"" on labels at Whole Foods, at my local organic food store, and at the organic grocery one town over from Port Angeles. Somewhere in Purgatory,  P.T. Barnum is chuckling."	7
"Likes on a YouTube video are generally irrelevant. People who watch the trailer will judge it based on whether the trailer presents something they're interested in seeing. It actually seems that Sony's quite lucky that such a dubious ""controversy"" is generating the level of publicity it is."	7
"So Trump likes to have talented, attractive women working for him?  And sometimes calls them ""honey"" or ""dear""?  And we know Hillary likes talented, unattractive women working for her.  And sometimes screams and curses at them.  So what's the point here?"	7
Exactly. Too much correlation and too little causation in all the nutritional reporting. I'm ignoring all of it and figuring out what's right for me. And I love breakfast.	7
"gerald42...if you've never tasted coffee, your avoidance must not be about how coffee tastes. I have a Seventh Day Adventist friend who avoids coffee and tea. My dentist is a Mormon who doesn't drink coffee or tea either. Why have you ""not tasted coffee yet""? I know it's none of my business, I'm just curious."	7
Since the only way to make a profit by stock trading is by learning something that others do not know all such trading is by definition inside. The simplest solution would be a heavy tax on all stock-trading profits.	7
"Adding cinnamon to cooking can substitute for sugar. When I make scratch tomato sauce I always throw in a couple of teaspoon of the stuff--it seems to neutralize the acidity somewhat and makes it quite delicious, while not making it taste like cinnamon. "	7
"Tomatoes are fruit and contain naturally occurring sugars. Line item 'Sugar'  on the old nutrition label is all sugars, both the naturally occurring - AND the ADDED sugars, which are what you see listed in the ingredients list. The new nutrition label is attempting to clear up this confusion on what is already present in individual ingredients and what is added as an independent ingredient."	7
"Thank you, thank you, thank you!  I am rarely hungry in AM, no matter what time I wake up, and as a adult am very satisfied with a cup of coffee and a healthy cookie I make---NO more guilt!"	7
"he ate breakfast, but only after about two hours of work, That is what people do in Africa; combine breakfast with lunch at about 10 AM. This might be difficult to do here as there is a lunch break only at noon at work places. "	7
"Oops-y... I meant to post it to the article entitled: ""Letter From Austria: Is Europes Tolerant Society Backfiring?"", but I, apparently, got lost somewhere in the sea of a few hundred open tabs. And yes there is nothing magical about Breakfast..."	7
"My kids eat dinner at 5PM and are in bed by 8PM.  By 7:30AM they have not eaten in almost 15 hours.  If they don't eat breakfast their next meal at school is a 12 noon which would then be about 19 hours between meals.  For our family, skipping breakfast is not a good idea...  My guess is the author is eating later in the evening so not as hungry in the morning... To each his/her own..."	7
"I fully agree. However, if we wish to foster a preference for less-sweet foods, it would be easier to make purchasing decisions if we understand how much sweetening has been added to a particular food."	7
"I always think of the old Woody Allen film, ""Sleeper"", where in the future, scientists have discovered that cigarettes, thick fatty steaks and hot fudge sundaes are the secret to good health."	7
"It's amazing to see so many people, rich or poor choose country over party.  Make America sane again. We have come too far to allow that nitwit to undo all the good. "	7
"Ah, will they put their money where his mouth is? Or will they ask ""Why aren't you spending a small percentage of your immense fortune?"" My understanding is that most of the money he's put in was in the form of loans, i.e. he's hoping to raise enough money from others to pay himself back."	7
"Not necessarily. I regularly skip dinner, I just don't have much appetite after my (large) lunch. I eat most of my day's calories in the first 6 hours of being awake. "	7
"i believe also that depending in your upbring, your height or weight, breakfast may or may not be for you. I have been 5'3"" @ 154lb since i was 12. I cannot eat breakfast even after commuting on my bicycle to work for 7 miles. But I do get very hungry 2 or 3 hours afterwards. "	7
"I have not watched the original Ghostbusters but when I saw the trailer for the reboot, I thought it is kind of cheesy with the amount of CGI used but I am going to keep an open mind. The cast is great with their comedic expertise. It is actually great to see an all women cast, which is a step in the right direction for Hollywood. "	7
"At 82, I find if I skip breakfast I can't push a shopping cart through a grocery store mornings without going all wobbly. Thank goodness most super markets now have those electric carts to ride."	7
"Don't know if it includes them or not, but their vote is overwhelmed here, and they probably are not the billionaires who would be potential funders of DT."	7
"If you have a late, big dinner, which is the usual in the USA,  you will not be that hungry in the morning.   Other countries main meal is at lunch time. "	7
"I would posit that your morning activity also has something to do with the need for a breakfast.  When I worked on construction crews, you could tell by 9 am who did not eat breakfast.  When I worked in an office, not so much.  "	7
The greatest influence on the changing breakfast habits of Americans might be Edward Bernays.   The author should have included some of the information found in many publications and videos including the following from NPR.http://www.npr.org/templates/story/story.php?storyId=4612464	7
"Check my facts, but didn't welfare reform also include the implementation of the earned income tax credit which was - and is - a big help to low-income workers."	7
"America has become a country inflicted with ""immediate gratification"" syndrome.  Both Clinton and Trump are terrible choices but a Trump presidencydoes definitely seem more entertaining. Another poster termed it 'nihilism'."	7
"Is it really heavier, though? Two scrambled eggs and two pieces of bacon is about 250 calories, with almost 20 grams of protein and zero sugar.  I myself prefer a green smoothie, but for my kids, I'd rather they go the eggs and bacon route than cereal or breads. "	7
"I agree with the author and those who have said, everyone is different. Breakfast is not magical. Personally, I have learned this from parenting 3 kids. Only one required food immediately upon rising each day. At 26, he is still this way. I and my other 2 kids prefer to wait a few hours before eating. All are healthy weights."	7
"Breakfast is always magical to me - the best meal of the day, reading the newspaper while I enjoy tea, fresh fruit, homemade sourdough bread. Nothing beats it. I usually don't eat in the evening, and can't sleep if I eat too much. After my fantastic breakfast, I feel absolutely great for the entire day.  "	7
"I guess it might also help to say that the YouTube critic from last week is James Rolfe (aka the Angry Video Game Nerd), and that his stated reasons for not wanting to see the film had nothing to do with the all female cast.   "	7
"OJ and Coke/Pepsi have the same amount of sugar per ounce.  Who'd a thunk it.  One might be found ""naturally"" in the fruit, but your body metabolizes them the exact same way.  Sugar is delicious, no doubt, which is why mother's milk is sweet.  Else, infants would have no reason to latch on.  There's a reason it's sweet and does not taste like broccoli.  "	7
"For most of what you eat if it tastes sweet it has sugar grams.Sweet tasting fruit (apples, strawberries, watermelon) and juices have natural sugar.Cereals which are sweet have added sugar.It's not good for you, but they say the natural sugar is better. "	7
"Another flip flop?! I'm not sure. And what makes me not sure, is having just read this article! All I know is they better not change the research on Oatmeal and Blueberries! Did I forget anything?!"	7
"Like the writer, I generally don't eat until around noon.  I also tend to eat shortly before going to bed.  In some time zone, I am eating at typical times.  I figure that my overall health is not affected by the time zone I live in."	7
"In an ideal world, Feig's statement would have been ""we made the best movie we could with the actors who were best for the roles.  The quality of the film will speak for itself."""	7
I know from personal experience that if I skip breakfast my body retains fat and my metabolism is not set into gear.  I lost the weight I wanted to lose years ago by adhering to a breakfast-every-morning-regime.  Many people I met agreed on the positive effects of breakfast.	7
"Thank you for this column. I never eat anything until 12.30 PM and am doing fine. Not obese or any other issues but I have been bombarded by my family to eat breakfast which I just can't. Our bodies are too complex to follow researcher's views. My theory, eat when you are hungry, drink when you are thirsty, sleep when you are tired."	7
"Exactly. I took night classes and worked days, for two years, and eventually transferred to a major university and graduated. I sacrificed. It was tough. "	7
"I wonder if Professor Carroll once asked himself, ""If I publish my thinking about eating breakfast, will I add to the public's understanding or further muddy the waters?"""	7
"Aaron, stop complaining and eat your breakfast.  And eat your peas, and your broccoli, and don't waste food.  And don't leave the refrigerator door open.  "	7
"I keep waiting for some journalist to ask the obvious follow-up question, whether building the wall is also just a ""suggestion.""  That fact that, as I far as I know, no one has asked Trump this question is puzzling to say the least."	7
"Professor Coffee makes some good points, but, if he is concerned about judges getting too involved in interpretation of loosely defined terms and concepts, he has just shifted the the area of focus from personal benefit to market gossip.  "	7
"I knew this and so does my son. If I have to (because I won't be able to eat for a long time if I don't eat breakfast), I eat a banana; my son has a protein shake. If I eat too soon my stomach hurts. 11:30 is usually when I'm hungry. Ditto my son.We're not obese but we are both anxious, which I think has more to do with it. "	7
"Reading articles about improving one's health produce stress.Stress produces high blood pressure. High  blood pressureproduces strokes. Ergo, do not read such articles."	7
"Obamacare, stimulate the economy, raise taxes on high income folks, combat greenhouse gasses, get our troops out of Iraq, don't start stupid wars, regulate Wall street, protect our air, water & lands, appoint competent administrators, appoint federal judges who aren't creatures of the right-wing...I know you don't like these things he promised & largely accomplished but that doesn't mean they don't exist."	7
"@Denise: you can make sauce without sugar, but it won't taste the same. Your tastes may differ from others.The sugar cuts the acid in the tomatoes and balances the acidity in the tomato sauce. "	7
"I like breakfast and believe that if you eat a healthy one, it is good for you. I eat whole grain cereal with fresh fruit and OJ. Once a week I have Bacon and Eggs. So I love breakfast and believe that it is healthy for me."	7
"I think it's a good move, too...but I don't think it will change the labels to which you are referring. Milk naturally contains about 12 grams of sugar (lactose)...it's not ""added."" Presumably this is also the source of sugar in unsweetened yogurt. "	7
"An uncomfortable aspect in addition to debt, etc, as you say, is the stress on families with both parents working, and working long hours.  This applies as much to the professional class as to others working for less money.  We need to re-think what the economy is for and what we really want.  More jobs to go around and more time for living and caring for each other and the planet."	7
"Dear Aaron E. Carroll: Finally, a sensible soul who agrees with me, lol. Breakfast, schmeakfast - I can't contemplate a pile of fried food when all I want is coffee in the morning. Thanks for the excellent piece!"	7
"The same thing happens to me.  The earlier I eat, the hungrier I am all day.  One thing that helps me at times was the revelation of the Japanese style breakfast.  A bowl of miso soup and some brown rice does not lead to hunger in the same way as the usual US breakfast."	7
"I'm a big fan of the Times, and I don't plan on voting for Trump, but this article portrayed him unfairly. No, he's not politically correct. That's hardly news."	7
"Also, children are GROWING -- teens are going through puberty and big growth spurts -- their nutritional needs are obviously different than a sedentary middle-aged adult...."	7
"The importance of breakfast has a to to do with what you do after you eat it. If your big lift of the day is moving a tongue depressor into the mouth of an adolescent, well maybe breakfast has little value. But if you follow breakfast with some heavy outdoor work or like myself, a workout centered around deadlifting 150% of your bodyweight for 5 sets of 5, breakfast has value."	7
"If I remember correctly, I think that at the end of the day, Martha went down for lying to investigators, much the way Al Capone was nailed on tax evasion."	6
"berries [fruit] with low fat plain yogurt with teathen, multigrain toast with Avacado and coffee with milk in iti have tons of energy, symphonic movements, and weigh my high school weightbreakfast is good, it works for memy girlfriend only has a cup of coffeeto each his ownwhat you should really try to avoid is eating a late dinner "	6
"Looking at GDP ignores what appears to be the driving force of the election, the rising economic inequality in the US  (or 'declining middle class' as highlighted in an earlier Upshot article), which is not directly captured in this measure. Indirectly captured, though, as expenditures on services as a category have been surpassing expenditures on goods - eg, healthcare expenditures are now ~17% of our GDP. "	6
"Yes. I have a cousin who eats breakfast but it's not what we call breakfast food. She eats leftovers from dinner. She doesn't like eggs, toast or cereal of any kind. But then again, she also doesn't drink anything but water. Nothing else. "	6
"When I get up,I guess like many  folks I make that first fresh cup of coffee. Then I get underway. Late in the morning I have some so called breakfast,because I am hungry. I can skip lunch as the so called breakfast was late morning. A afternoon snack with a glass of wine, tides me for a small portion dinner. I am lucky I don't have weight issues. "	6
"There is little you can do until the labels come out so you can get a sense of the amount of added sugar.  Just make what you can yourself, and figure if it tastes sweet there is added sugar."	6
"I see the sugar industry's point: is there really a significant difference between ""natural"" sugar and ""added"" sugar? Let's say you have a cracker that contains so many grams of sugar. How much of that is considered ""added""? Crackers don't appear in nature, so isn't all of it added? This article leaves me with more questions than answers."	6
I agree with the commenter who said that if you snack until bedtime you wake up full and are often overweight. I skipped breakfast for years for that reason.  I now don't snack after dinner and am hungry by 7am. I've lost 25 pounds- not because I eat breakfast but because I have improved my eating habits. In many cultures such as Spain I found that breakfast is just a piece of toast and coffee and they have very little obesity.	6
I don't understand. The problem is that he would do things like give judgement on the physical appearance of women participating in a beauty contest that he owned? Is this the kind of stuff we're talking about here?	6
"Good point. A breakfast in China, for those who eat one, will generally consist of noodles and vegetables as well as eggs, after which you don't need anything else until dinner time."	6
"I am not a Trump supporter, but I think it's important to point out the contradictions between what Rowanne said in this interview and here, four months ago: http://www.insideedition.com/headlines/14475-trumps-ex-girlfriend-reveal..."	6
"Eating advice changes so often it's hard to know what to believe.  When I was young steak and eggs was considered a healthy and nutritious breakfast.  I recently read coffee was actually good for you, after years of hearing drink coffee sparingly.   I think we just have to follow our own instincts."	6
Lots of good Comments follow- a good start to my day as is Breakfast which I enjoy. My father worked for General Foods/Post Cereals which probably started this. JGAIA-	6
"Eye-opening article.I believe that the best solution is to stay away from processed foods.  Especially ketchup and other benign appearing condiments, and flavored yogurt.  A few fresh berries in plain Fage Turkish yogurt can't be beat!"	6
"A balanced perspective would acknowledge that we have no idea whats going on. This is true of most of what people talk about, as well as much of what gets published in the NYT. I don't think this fact alone is going to stop the historic outpouring of verbiage-pretending-to-know under which we are all submerged these days."	6
The proper weight given  the author's conclusion must be limited by the  anecdotal nature of his evidence. Nutrition impacts cellular structure and function throughout the body. We'll just have to wait for his autopsy results.	6
"People need to be well feed and not hungry everyday. If you don't get the food and nutrition you need, you perform poorly. If you get well feed, being it at night or in the morning, then you perform better.Let's make sure all of the children are well feed everyday. It is good for everyone."	6
My 11 year old daughter claims she's never hungry in the morning but her father hounds her constantly about eating breakfast. I'm going to show him this article. Of course her resistance may very well be her adolescent rebellion against his incessant nagging. She always eats breakfast on school days when he's at work.	6
"As someone who used to skip breakfast and lunch for years, I am a recent convert to breakfast. Here's why: after my morning run, I get to sit with my spouse and over eggs, toast, and juice, have a discussion about whatever interests us - politics, art, ideas, philosophy, work challenges, etc - before we launch into our long day.Definitely the most important meal of the day for me!"	6
"To really know what you are eating, buy raw ingredients and cook them yourself. The ""food scientists"" who create packaged foods will always find a way around regulations and make their concoctions seem harmless or even ""healthy."" Then, if you want to add more sugar or salt to the foods you cook, at least you know what you are doing."	6
" What happened to Neotame.    It is an artificial sweetener that at 10,000 times as sweet as sugar apparently it can be used in quantiles small enough so no label notification is necessary.     It is on the web,    Made and distributed  but never appears on a food label.      "	6
[of those who have] spent nearly $30 million [on political donations] over the same period of time... including the Florida hospital executive Mike Fernandez. ---- any wonder why our health insurance premiums are so high?	6
"I work with a man who doesn't eat breakfast.  We are engineers in an office/lab environment.He doesn't eat breakfast, by 10:30 he is starving and can't think about anything but  lunch."	6
"You could be right;  you could be wrong.  But this article is just another of the stream of contradictory articles written about food, eating habits, food related health issues, etc.  In other words, no one knows much of anything yet.  "	6
"As in most things, if we listened to what our bodies which in this case are telling us when and what to eat, nobody would likely be fat.I love breakfast, have always eaten breakfast, don't feel right if I don't eat it and I am not fat.We need to look more closely who is giving all this good advice about what to put into our bodies and who is funding the research. Then, we listen to ourselves."	6
"Farmers typically rose before the sun and were in the field at daybreak.  After toiling for several hours, they came home and ate a hearty breakfast.  "	6
"Good point, CC. I always needed to hit the floor running as my commute was short, so a balanced breakfast of fruit, grain and milk (enhanced with coffee) worked for me. The challenge with on-demand eating, which is best for one's body, is finding time. We adjust our bodily needs to the requirements of work, which for some, is fairly regimented. "	6
"Here's to things hopefully being less sweet!  I find many processed foods, including sauces, to be just too sweet.  Perhaps that's because I stopped drinking soda decades ago.  If things were less sweet, people's tastes would adjust."	6
"@nyer: My main issue is how to define ""added"" sugar. For example, let's say you have strawberry flavored yogurt which contains 95% yogurt, 5% strawberries, and nothing else. Would the sugar contained in the strawberries be considered ""added""? It was made by nature, but then again it wasn't originally in the yogurt. Cases like that suggest to me that to a certain extent calling a sugar ""natural"" or ""added"" is rather arbitrary."	6
"Perhaps the following poll will help the GOP donors loosen their purse strings...""At this point, the two candidates are in a statistical dead heat among registered voters, with Trump favored by 46 percent and Clinton favored by 44 percent. That represents an 11-point shift toward the presumptive Republican nominee since March. Among all adults, Clinton holds a six-point lead (48 percent to 42 percent), down from 18 points in March."""	6
"As a writer, who works at home and grazes all day, I like to eat breakfast after working for several hours, sometimes as late as 3 pm. It's my favorite diet tip. My other favorite diet tip is to eat a chunk of dark chocolate and a handful of almonds along with a glass of skim milk an hour or so before dinner."	6
"I agree it should be judge is it funny and entertaining. If it's a hit great, we all could use a good laugh. If it bombs the terms sexist and misogyny will be bantered. "	6
A lot of comments here speak of the inevitability of insider trading.Perhaps the solution then is to have public or nonprofit companies that gather and immediately broadly disseminate valueable information.	6
"This would depend greatly on the content of said meal.  To high a glycemic load would lead to an insulin spike, which places the body in ""storage mode"".  I always recommend a pre-workout meal with protein and a low glycemic index carb source unless it causes the individual gastric distress of some sort."	6
"It is a good move. It is always surprising to look at something like unsweetened yogurt or even plain milk and see so very many grams of ""sugars"" which make it look no better than some dessert foods. "	6
"Simple dietary advice offered to me by my uncle that has served my family well (at least as it pertains to obesity and life style) for several generations.  1.) Eat when you are hungry.2.) Eat until you have had sufficient, not until your plate is empty.Using the second with children helps raise healthy eaters who learn to eat in moderation and serve themselves proper portions when they become young adults."	6
I find that eating in the morning before a workout is a huge help to keep me going. Also the recomendation I hear most often is that eating in the morning gets your metabolism going so you store less fat.	6
"I cannot tell what I am to do based on this article. Am I to give up all the sources of sugar mentioned in these two lists?Is there a recommended quantity of food from either list?  Or is this just an expose of hidden sugars in the second list?Some people are saying ""If it is bad do not bring it home"". Well after looking at these lists the only things that these folks are bring home is meat, seafood, and some bitter vegetables."	6
"The black female character mirrors the black male of the orginal Ghostbusters, as do the 3 white female in this remake mirror the 3 white male characters. "	6
"Now let's get to salt.  Some foods use ""flavoring agents"" such as anchovies to load their products with salt, again leaving the consumer unaware of how much salt is present in their food."	6
"First world problem I know, but every time I am back in the US I despair in the bread aisle since I am never able to find a single packaged bread without added sweetener."	6
"I habitually throw a couple of packets of Trader Joe's raw trail mix into my pack before my commute. Nuts and raisins are filling, provide protein, Omega 3's and are filling in addition to being great for on-the-go activity."	6
"Although there may be nothing ""magical"" about breakfast regarding the time it is consumed, there seems to be a ""breakfast all day"" movement among eating places, at least in NJ and eastern PA.   McDonald's and most of the local diners around here will service breakfast meals all day.  "	6
"My guilty pleasure for breakfast (when I can get it) is cold vegetable soup.I make a pot of soup every couple of weeks, and have leftovers around for days. But in the AM, I like it COLD out of the fridge -- yes, even in winter. I don't know why. It is salty and veggie and delicious.Chicken noodle eaten the same way is pretty awesome too."	6
Thank you. My sentiments exactly. I don't eat if I'm  not hungry and I'm never hungry in the morning. 69 and so far healthy. Must be doing something right.	6
It is nice that some people have their defensiveness and rational published in the New York Times while the rest of us just have to cope with those who want to tell us how to live by saying I eat when I am hungry.	6
The campaign is still going on. Campaigning for president while doing his job as a U.S. senator is daunting. I don't think he can handle any other major projects at this time. The fact that he has not yet established an organization to promote his policies does not mean that he will never do that. Give him some time.	6
My understanding is that the myth was started by a cereal company study in the 1930's. The study was biased because it was based on volunteers and those favoring breakfast were the most likely to volunteer. I have lost the reference but it should not be hard to find.	6
"Yes, I knew sugar is in bread and pasta sauce and salad dressing because I make those things at home. Sugar balances the acid in pasta sauce and salad dressing, and it activates the yeast in bread. It's not that big a deal if you don't go overboard."	6
"My work (in a health-care field) is very energy-intensive, and the factor that determines whether I run out of gas during the day is not breakfast (which I eschew) but whether I ate enough fat and protein the night before."	5
"David - you have, I suppose, seen this:http://www.tylervigen.com/spurious-correlationsI always think about this when people try to make correlations into causations."	5
"Being indifferent about breakfast is not so bad.I once asked my MD about how to lose middle-age weight gain and was told to eat breakfast and watch portion control.It turned out that eating breakfast just added more calories to my day and increased weight gain.I noticed, too, that I was forgetting what it was like to feel hungry.There are too many factors for one article to address and one dietary plan does not meet the needs of all adults. "	5
Peanut butter and canned beans aren't real food? News to me! They're highly nutritious and inexpensive foods. The new labels will be useful if you're watching sugar intake.	5
"If you put your tomato sauce on a low simmer for about an hour, it will temper the acidity without adding sugar. It will also taste much better. Little secret from my Italian grandmom "	5
"I have to say that I absolutely love traditional American breakfasts (as shown) -- bacon! eggs! waffles! pancakes! omelets! and toast, lovely toast. English muffins & bagels.I would happily get up and eat this....if you will cook it for me. Or anyone will cook it for me. And serve me in bed. And then clean up all the yucky pots and pans.SInce nobody will do this for me, I only eat a big breakfast like this once in a great while."	5
"@C. K.,Wow, thanks for the correction. I love Frederic March. I will see if I can find it.I hope people enjoy the new Ghostbusters movie.5-24-16@11:49 am"	5
"Great article. I relate to what you say, I have never been able to eat early in the morning, it is just not possible for me. I start to get hungry around noon. I think it is very important to follow your own natural rhythms and not force things.Thanks"	5
"I love breakfast -- at 10:30 in the morning. Though I will admit to an early morning ""snack"". You only have to go to Rome to find a whole culture that doesn't think breakfast warrants much more than a roll and coffee."	5
"True, there is nothing magical about the average breakfast.  But can anyone say that the smell of frying bacon on the first morning of a camping trip is not the most magical breakfast known to man?"	5
"I can relate! I'm rarely hungry in the morning, and often find it a chore to choke down breakfast right after waking, on days when I know I won't have an opportunity to eat at my preferred time (around 10:30). Usually a small serving of yoghurt or a piece of fruit (plus coffee) is plenty to tide me over until lunch. On mornings when I'm hungry, I eat more. It's pretty simple. I let my gut be my guide. I've been a healthy weight all my life.  "	5
"This just might encourage people to prepare food from scratch: real ingredients, real food. The educational value of actually seeing the added sugars in prepared foods can help consumers decide to make the leap to homemade. It will taste better and be healthier."	5
"Here's my routine yall...almond milk preferably..but lately wife been buying 2%..some cereal of a nutritious kind ...blueberries (nobody can tell me how many blueberries I'm to consumer so I do a handful)....tablespoon of cod liver oil..from Labor Day to Memorial Day..vitamins..HBP and Cholestorol meds just prior to breakfast, i forgot to mention...but if I don't eat lunch I get dizzy"	5
"I know that when I eat a reasonable evening meal and don't snack, I wake up hungry in the morning. It's more a function of how much I eat and when I eat at night.Whether that's good or bad, I don't know."	4
"Despite the fact that the article seems to focus strictly on the nutrition/diet side of things, your response is still very insightful.  Fantastic comment sir/ma'am!  You've inspired me to at least consider revisiting my morning/breakfast routine!"	4
"A really simple solution for yogurt: eat only full fat yogurt with no added sugars, ie no flavored yogurts.  Add some fresh fruit and a touch of vanilla and you will have something that is filling and tasty and won't leave you with a raging hunger in an hour."	4
"Even if I'm not hungry, I have Type 2 diabetes and MUST eat some food (not much) in order to control my blood sugar. It's that or needing insulin shots, which i obviously would like to avoid. (All but one of my immediate relatives developed diabetes as young adults, but only one sister needs insulin; she never eats breakfast.) "	4
I know from personal experience that if I skip breakfast my body retains fat and my metabolism is not set into gear But exactly how did you scientifically measure this?	4
"I don't know whether breakfast is an important meal, but I do know that the picture you showed of eggs frying with bacon strips made me want to have a wholesome, fat-infused eggs & bacon breakfast. I could even smell the coffee, bacon & eggs. The power of suggestion!"	4
"It mostly seems to be the same sort of arrangement as religion holds with most people.""But, my mama said...""""But, I was raised this way...""""But, I've always been told..."""	4
Thank you for this!  I have never been hungry in the morning but people have dogged me about it my entire life.  I have coffee with about a cup of milk in it.  That's a perfectly good way to start the day.	4
"I've found the same thing with salt.  So many prepared foods have too much sodium.  It's much better to use a low/no sodium version and add sea salt, if necessary."	4
"Thanks for publishing the lists of sugary ingredients. This will really help at the grocery store. My maxim is, ""If it ain't healthy, don't even let it into the house.""I had to smile at ""clintose."" It's 2016, after all."	4
@Petey Tonei: those things sound delicious! A good reminder that other cultures eat very different things for breakfast than Americans (or westerners) do.	2