"To be more precise, Reddit only likes people being dicks to cops when they're supporting the ""rights"" of entitled white rich kids (i.e. weed and the anti-globalism protests which make rich white kids feel so good about themselves).  Minorities, Reddit doesn't give a fuck."	15
"3,125 up votes from good humanitarians who actually contribute to society and have hope in life.   1,335 down votes from complete and utter low life trash who do nothing but consume and waste everyone's time and resources without ever giving anything back. Go fuck yourselves. "	15
"Wake up, read this and lament at the conditions our species lives in. Or feel disgust that humans have such a ridiculous sense of entitlement that we assume all humans should have lives free of pain and suffering as no living creature on this planet has ever had before."	15
"Fuck man, show some balls. YOU NEVER ADMIT YOU'RE WRONG. What you do is go to extreme lengths to prove yourself right. You come in to work next Monday with a bag full of shredded copies of Atlas Shrugged, pin your bosses down, and start shoving the paper into their mouths."	15
"Holy shitcakes, a real-life spammer that actually replies to posts!    Tell me, how do you sleep at night, knowing that you are the bane of the Internet's existence and that people and organizations spend ridiculous amounts of money every year just to avoid dealing with you in any way, shape or form?  "	15
Who the hell cares??  We are all humans on the god damn planet!  Maybe this will help bring you all back     National pride is just a shit way for folks to hate people they dont know for reasons they cant control or have little to do with.	15
">You're copypasta-ing and continue to be a closet theist who no longer wants any part of defending JM's comments.   Let me know when you stop beating your wife.   You're not saying anything you haven't already said.  So rather than give yet another response, I'll simply suggest you reread my comments in response to your previous ones.  Let me know when you have something new to say. "	15
"leski is a stupid moron who trolls everywhere and shits on other people's posts while posting derogatory comments about them in an attempt to sound informed. he does this probably because he has no life but wants to destroy the good name of moderate muslims everywhere by spouting hatred and lies. this fucking dumbass likes to fuck with other people but cant handle it so likes to say ""fuck"" alot"	15
">Your claims regarding proof are silly arguments. It is not up to atheists to prove anything. If there is a claim there is a god and he works this way...then prove it. If there is no proof then no god.  So I take it you don't believe in consciousness, let alone free will. If you do, prove they exist now or cease believing in them. Or admit you're a giant hypocrite."	15
"What the hell? Fuck the suicide subreddit. If you're contemplating suicide call a suicide hotline. You know, so you can talk to people who are actually trained to deal with that sort of thing as opposed to random people on the Internet."	15
"> I wonder what the correlation between people who use macs and people who are music snobs is. My guess it's somewhere around +infinity.  So, like, that would mean there are infinitely more Mac users than music snobs, right?  Jesus, this thread is made of fail."	15
"Well you don't have my sympathy.  Can't fucking stand when half of the kitchen staff is yapping in spanish and the other half is standing there clueless, trying to pick up on swear words.  Communication (not talking, but communicating) trumps culture any day.  "	15
"That is exactly how I feel! Damn, we need to start a ""anti-Bacokn page and Just Have that As a all encompasing postes that Are ******* PISSED OFF and just need to vent? If you agree then vote yes, if not vot ಠ_ಠ. Please my reddit VOTE ITS YOUR CHOICE!    -*P.S.  IM VERY DRUNK AND SYNTHETIC THC HIGH (mary joy is the legal weed that is awesome!) So, yup that is all.  "	15
"can't let those white immigrants into your country - all they do is suck money from the economy, smoke drugs, rape the youth, and spread disease!  It's refreshing to see 'white' there instead of blacks, indians, pakistanis and mexicans as they like to use for scapegoats in north america :)"	15
Enablers don't deserve any pity for their behavior.   If they want to throw their money away on your sister who isn't willing to work hard for herself then they should be allowed to.  I'd leave it alone.	15
"Yeah and it served its purpose, 100 years ago, now it can go fuck the hell off.  Every strike, and insane wage increase that lazy fucks in gov't get is because of unions.  But don't worry, I am ready for your socialist retard downvotes. "	15
"The point is, lesbians, that no one speaks proper english, there are no rules, and as long as everyone knows what you're talking about, no one is any worse for the wear (besides nit picking busybodies who think that being obsessive about ""basic grammar rules"" makes you seem intelligent.)"	15
>I have never proclaimed and never will claim to be an athiest. > >/r/athiesm is the perfect example. > >Rename it /r/christiansarereallystupid of shut the fuck up becuase you're all idiots.  this bullshit is worn tired dude	15
"Maybe you can't find it... because IT DOESN'T EXIST. The only fact to be faced here is your bullshitting. I'm not ""helping"" or arguing in favor or against any country. I'm arguing against your hysterical nonsense claim. You can't cite it, now it's time to STFU. "	15
"You *could* fake your identity.  Alternatively, you could fake having a pair of testicles and just live with the fact that you're American.  Welcome to a world where things aren't always the way you'd like them to be.  Now go out there and enjoy Italy, you fuckin' pussy."	15
"This is bullshit - I'm not saying he doesn't raise valid points, but I'm a 'butthurt britfag' too and it's pretty clear to me that through all the negativity towards America the whole world is in love with certain aspects of American culture. "	15
"Besides the fact that NIN release some free stuff, NIN just simply blows.   Rezon writes all this pussy stuff and we are supposed to care.  That guy was a con to begin with, stealing so much from far better bands like Ministry, Revolting Cocks and Skinny Puppy."	15
">You know, like, ""instead of buying shoes, buy food for your local food bank"" or something?  Because that makes too much sense and this is a group of naive idiots who haven't grasped that the concept of ""buying nothing"" helps no one."	15
"Hey a message to you young partiers. I don't give a fuck what you do. You can get drink yourself to death, you can get yourself pregnant, you can start a fight in which you humiliate yourself or worse, you can hurt yourself in any way possible. But the second you get behind the wheel, and put somebody elses life at risk, I will shit on your head."	15
">I'll get down modded to oblivion for saying this, but [viewpoint which is obviously supported by 90% of redditors]  Really? You would *illegally download* something?!?! *GASP*  Quit with the terrible reverse psychology crap. Might as well say:  I'll get downvoted to hell for saying this, reddit, but Firefly was an amazing TV show."	15
"Ya, because if you are going to make a tv show on survival, no camera crew is allowed and it all must be life or death! its a fucking tv show moron. He could be doing the same shit in a studio for all i care, its entertainment. Who wants to watch some guy conserve energy for 7 days and lug his own camera's around? thats boring as hell."	15
"That book sucks.  If that is the ONE BOOK you're recommending to kids, I'm going to guess you are a shitty, shitty teacher.  I can think of a million books that I read in high school that were better than that pile of shit.  "	15
Every time I see someone mention this argument I laugh. This is because I work at a zoo and it's standard for us to keep the straight and gay animals apart because the straight animals will ostracize and beat up on the gay animals. Maybe I should go rub my feces into a gay man's face against his will and say it's okay because the animals do it.	15
"cats cost money, idiot. don't have a pet if you can't afford it. i've spent my fair share of money on taking my cats to the vet. i spend money that i need to spend on other things, like bills, just to make sure they aren't going to die on me. i guess people only care about lol cats, not real cats."	15
"What about people who wear a Starcraft shirt, or Wow? Who the fuck cares if someone wears a fucking shirt with their favorite game. There are way more important things in life to give a fuck about so pull your head out of your own asshole and find a worthwhile cause to channel your anger at."	15
"For a bunch of people that fly the banner of anti-religion you sure do get suckered like a bunch of Christians. Only instead of never seeing the afterlife, you'll never see your $8.00 again. Ever. It'll go straight into the pockets of His Holiness, P-Dub, the Pope of making shit up."	15
"No. Fuck no. STOP TALKING ABOUT FUCKING REPOSTS GODDAMN.  Just because it is a repost doesn't mean everyone has seen it. Hide, downvote, whatever, but could everyone knock it off with the need to be so fucking LOUD about doing so?"	15
"I'm a right leaning, pro-second amendment, libertarian-constitutionalist.. and frankly, I find this chick to be the personification of *all* that is wrong in this country. She is a vane, self absorbed, uneducated, bloviating self promoter. But she is smoking hot… I’d totally do her."	15
"I'm surprised - a prideful politician.  Did anyone read the comments beneath the article? For a taste in horrible, brain exploding logic and mindless projection of blame read the links of the second commenter from the top, Dudley Sharp. With reasoning like that, that man shouldn't have a driver's license."	15
"Hey, just thought I'd let you know you don't come off like some pretentious 21st century douchebag when you tell people they come off as lame neckbeards.  Actually, that's exactly what you come off as."	15
"HotelClub? Do you think we're idiots? All of you that clicked on the link get 100 lashings. If you looked, but did not click, you still get 50 lashings. If you gazed at the link using only perennial vision, you get 25 lashings. If you had a friend look at the link, your ok, please proceed, but slowly. If you just knew this was a scam and avoided it, your obviously a reddit.com official member."	15
"i don't really care... you can be a hate monger all you want... your life will never truly be happy though, and you will never know peace because you can't stand people with different opinions. you can be a black racist, a white racist, a asian racist... it doesn't matter because you'll still be a hate monger. "	15
"> It's not like the people were sent to Guantanamo.  I hope you're joking.  In case you aren't: Go fuck yourself. Go get a road cone, paint it red white and blue, and shove that fucking thing all the way up your ass. You're a bad citizen and a substandard human being."	15
"What is more realistic about your understanding than mine?  What you *understand* has nothing to do with what you ignore.  What you say, even if it was true, is just absolutely ignorant.  Enjoy your narrowed view of this world and humanity, but please stop supporting that ignorant picture, you are standing in the way of people who care."	15
> So if I'm a redditor I need to be a DEM? Do I need to be a Leafeater? you tell me.  * No: democrats are too right-wing to be Redditors.  * No: leafeaters do not like Bacon  * NRA member: OK if it involves youtube videos of stuff blowing up  * Republican: OK if you're a devotee of Ron Paul	15
">What? Poison is poison, no matter how much is present. Every molecule has a certain, specific effect on the body but we don't observe the effects on a macroscopic scale until a threshold level of the poison is reached.  Prove it. It's not enough to say ""it's bad."" Prove there are bad effects or stop saying it."	15
"Dear random website community: You've posted things that, in my opinion, clog the front page with senseless bullshit so here is *my* senseless bullshit complaint about your senseless bullshit... which is exactly as much a waste of space as *your* waste of space."	15
There are a lot of redditors who view both guns and the military service members as vile and evil.  I disgaree strongly and take every moment I can to rub it in their faces that there is dissent with that rationality.	15
"what experiences? the guy has done nothing but play pretend for a living, do free drugs and fuck playboy bunnys for 40 years. I mean, it's an awesome life, but in no way does it make his fascist opinions valid."	15
Caring for a pet is a joy but more importantly a god damn responsibility. If you surrender your animal to a shelter you are a heartless piece of shit that should have never attempted to assume such responsibility.	15
"It's just you.  A prank?!? You arrogant son of a bitch.    These are serious protesters, fighting against the Government responsible for the youngest political prisoner in the world.  The Government supporting one of the most vicious band of murderous thugs currently operating.  What the hell is wrong with you?"	15
"So failing to get elected as VP, and quitting as Governor is actually seen as success?  The Republitards always run the same game. Take something that is considered a downfall, then twist it so much and pretend that it's something good."	15
Just look at the rest of God's creation and anyone can easily see the difference between the animals and Man.  Animals are obsessed with sex.  Animals engage in masturbation and homosexuality.  Humans are obviously not animals.	15
"You are the ones who are CENSORING by disabling downvotes and disallowing new submissions! You have effectively taken away the voice of the people that want to be a part of that subreddit. This guy just wants a reasonable mod, you guys are dicks."	15
"If I never had to pay insurance premiums so that the scumbag ass clown company could deny me coverage anyway, I would gladly accept at least double the income tax I pay now. The US has one of the lowest tax rates in the Western world."	15
"Just because you are threatened with death does not mean a person will give a great blowjob, in fact it would probably suck because they are nervous and scared. This analogy does not correlate to pirating anyway. Have fun with your forced blow jobs"	15
"I would gladly take this bet, and would love it if every retarded redditor chipped in so I could cash in big time on the  stupid anti-Americanism on this site.  Would you also consider doubling the bet if we extend it to having not only Americans on the moon before Africa again, but no country in Africa will have a remotely functioning space program?"	15
Way to misrepresent my comment. The FDA is not the whack-job source - it is Infowars and newstarget (as if you didn't really know that was what I was referring to). Now read the fucking report and stop spewing bullshit.	15
"I am gonna stop coming to reddit. I have never knew who Glen Beck was and that whole Fox news crew of porn starss, Church of Scientology, republicans and now Kirk. For some reason reddit always finds to introduce me to the dumbest shit ever.   Goes to sleep....my cells are crying in misery."	15
"Everybody has some fucking ""disorder"" they use as an excuse to act like asshole.  Like being on time? OCD.  Sometimes you get sad? Depression.   Laughter: ADHD.  Mad at your dad?: Bipolar Family Issues.   Commenting on Reddit: Cynicism"	15
"Forgot to mention I watch Fight Club at least once a month. Fuck, I AM Fight Club. No way am I an Alabama douchebag. NYC is a shithole. I cook like Master Fucking Chef. I only have one flaw, bitches, I'm too good for you. I worked for topnotch companies like AOL, Enron, and British Petroleum and I fucking bossed their mailrooms. Totally."	15
"right, he didn't do shit for his entire life, spent it complaining, then crashed his plane into an IRS building?  What a coward.   **Be the change you wish to see in the world.**  Don't leave it behind.  "	15
"All I did was offer my opinion in the form of a well-crafted sarcastic remark, complete with a link to another post.   You, on the other hand, failed to detect the sarcasm, used multiple misspellings and bad punctuation, and topped it all off with a level-of-discourse-killing ""Douche"".  Now, who is the real problem?"	15
"I'm going to pull out mah man card here and say what I would to any friend.   DUDE, GROW SOME BALLS AND TELL HER TO SUCK IT FOR EVERY DAY SHE WANTS YOU OFF THE INTERNET!  If she's not willing to do that, tell her to, ""stop bitching for 30 days, then we'll talk about it."""	15
"No dude, go fuck yourself. Unlike most America 'actors' like Sandra Bullock and her ilk, this girl isn't trading on her looks. Whatever success she's had is due only to her acting ability. I'm sorry your (and Stern's) world is such a fucked-up beauty-contest, but some of us aren't that shallow. "	15
"We're not in a police state you idiots. Jesus christ, you are the worst armchair advocates ever. I'm gonna be down voted but its an insult to police states to call the US a police state. We have more rights than people in police states could even dream about."	15
A few?  There are laws in this country and if you do not obey them you need to be prepared to pay the consequences.  Taking a moral stand and want to make a point?  Be prepared to pay the consequences.  Just can't be bothered to obey the law?  Be prepared to pay the consequences.  My sympathies lies elsewhere.	15
"Wow, you should write a fucking book. You can title it ""Shit I think makes sense based on my own poorly-formed ideas of highly complicated economic systems.""  We can place it on the book-shelf right across from Palin's books so there are two retarded sides to every non-issue."	15
"People might take you more seriously if you didn't write like a stereotypical conspiracy theorist.   Anyway, if you think Alex Jones ""proves your point"" then there is basically no common ground between the two of us, and further debate will be useless. Good day."	15
"This is the link for the full 6 minute video made by Reason.tv  I don't know anything about Reason.tv, but if they're anything like the hack model / interviewer / antagonizer and the terribly edited footage in this video, there's no reason whatsoever to engage them in intelligent discussion.  They are trolls.  Do not feed them."	14
So? That's their point of view. They don't need to shove it down my throat. I was a vegetarian for several years and I returned to eating meat. I am well-informed and don't need to be force-fed someone else's beliefs.	14
"That last sentence of your headline makes me angry. :) ""How does a kid learn to trust after this?""  Come on, were you never lost as a kid? Left behind somewhere on a school outing? Something, anything that you had to workout for yourself or with the help of stangers?  Everyone is so whiny these days... "	14
"Yeah no torture was involved whatsoever.  Except... The guy, whom US got the information about the courier who led US to bin Laden was waterboarded 183 times until 2003.   So yeah, maybe a little torture.. but sure, let's use caps and say there was none and dance like monkies.  Whee.  Source is Reuters News.. Dig it out if you'd like."	14
"No, I actually started with reddit. I've been on reddit since day 1, and, it's a piece of shit with a bunch of boring, politically correct twats...but, it is entertaining...  Digg, on the other hand, also has a bunch of politically correct twats...but, for whatever reason, Digg isn't entertaining. Something about their interface does not facilitate. "	14
"I have to laugh at the total about turn from the fandroids. When MS, Apple and Oracle buy up patents it's evil and patents must be destroyed. Now Google have essentially done the same it's all cool and ""yey for Google""."	14
"Your lack of familiarity with waiting terms kind of goes to prove a point of you have no idea how hard the job really is.  Just don't go eat out at the same restaurant often if you don't tip well, or at the very least tell them that you're a waste of time to try and please, even though you know what the payment situation is and decided to still go.  It's a pretty shitty protest to be honest."	14
"Should I just accept that there are people irrationally downvoting everything, and stop trying to make sense out of the matter?  No,if they are downvoting you it is because you are saying the wrong thing and probably aren't suited to this site.  Here is one which might suit your tastes www.lemonparty.org"	14
"True, r/jailbait is what gives reddit a bad name. There were no lies in the report, there really is a subforum of reddit dedicated to leering and sexualising under or near-under the age of consent girls. Argue your ""free speech"" opinions all you want, but a lot of people are also of the opinion that it's sick and pathetic."	14
"Things that are gross: fat people, chain smokers, people with really fake tans, some one completely wasted. and no it does not bother me to see obese people, what bothers me is seeing more and more obesity. It also bothers me when people use their fatness as an excuse for laziness.  "	14
"Yes, I read the entire discussion, and people like you are only going to increase costs and contribute to an inefficient, behemoth government all in the name of making you fat fucking yuppies feel better that no one might, just might be taking advantage of benefits that are under-utilized in the first place.  "	14
"If by gambled, you meant believed the CEO who was put in place by the federal government then you're correct.  And he learned his lesson, and so did everyone reading the letter - the word of the Federal government is worthless."	14
"I was on a hummus kick for a few years.. looked in the mirror one day and realized I was wearing a burqa!  Even more surprisingly, I was  living in a cave in northern Pakistan with a group of transgendered Islamic fascist terrorists.  Long story short, I have been hummus free for 15 minutes, and am now a happily married Subway manager in Modesto CA.  God bless."	14
I don't see how that is in any way relevant. If a woman is unable to give consent while drunk (meaning she's not responsible for her actions) the same is true of a drunk man in that situation. How can a drunk man determine the whether a woman will feel she wasn't in control? your argument seems to imply that men are more mature or adult than women.	14
So if we are all following other countries laws does this mean we can rape a girl then get the girl killed because she was raped? So does this also mean we can all legally own fully automatic weapons and explosives? Child pronography is legal now?	14
why would that matter?  I spoke from the perspective of someone who uses this interface every day.  A person who knows how to use their mouse pointer. Care to show us your awesome UI's you have designed?	14
"We'll stop talking about something we don't know about when YOU stop talking about things you don't know about. There is so much America bashing from the other side of the pond it's ridiculous. Welcome to the other side of the coin, friend. Enjoy your stay."	14
"No one has said or implied that because a law is on the books that it will prevent the action in question. The original statement -- "" you can't legislate morality"" -- is the opposite of the truth. The only laws that are just are the ones that are moral. Gay marriage should be legal because it is otherwise discriminatory, and that is immoral. "	14
"I wasn't going for eloquence. Haven't we learned at this point that things get re-posted? It happens, and there is no way to avoid it. No way. So what is the point in complaining about it all the fucking time? There is no point. If it's a re-post, *fucking ignore it*."	14
>I'm no Apple fanboy  Oh that's where you're wrong. An Apple fanboy is anyone that doesn't agree that Apple is terrible at everything and all Apple users are smug assholes who know nothing about computers. At least that's what the majority of comments on any Apple related article have led me to believe.	14
"I adore how people like you use the term ""troll"" like some kind of scatter gun.   Somebody said something which I a)find upsetting b)don't agree with c)don't understand, this person must be a ""troll"". "	14
"OH BOY! Another dubstep basher. I wonder what it is about dubstep that inspires such hatred. You don't see assholes going on classical music forums to bash Beethoven.  Anyway dude, it's not bad, but I think it could use a little more ""remix,"" a little less ""mashup,"" if that makes sense."	14
"This is the stupidest excuse to tell some random ""heartwarming"" story about survival.   ""At no point, in your rambling incoherent response were you even close to anything that could be considered a rational thought. Everyone in this room is now dumber for having listened to it. I award you no points and may God have mercy on your soul."""	14
">Waaawaaah!!!! Mummy!!!!  >    That and I would like to see the douchebag face of Geohot ""take a punch"".  >Ya, ya whatever.  >Idiots.   Clearly a genius deserving of respect for their powers of argumentation. This is clearly the work of The *Hivemind*, attempting to censor a respectable user for the fun of it. Because it's a long stretch to consider that he might be stupid."	14
"No, actually I think the over-spending on military items is both ineffecient and grossly unnecessary.   That's not to mention that this plan is likely to cost $3trillion over the next 10 years (that's roughly $300bn a year compared to $450bn for the military.)  Last time I checked, I paid for internet unless you're getting it as part of a government subsidy somehow...if so, please do share."	14
"I never liked that selling candy bullshit we have to put up with every year.  When I was still in high school, we had to sell that crap to help ""pay for prom"".  I found out that out of a $1.00 box of whatever, we got a whopping 5 cents!  I refused to sell after that.  The prom sucked too."	14
An ignorant Christian that believes in forcing his worldview on kids in school and likely theocracy for America? Is that part of being a Christian? This country has been full of Christians since inception and somehow it needs more Christianity to cure its supposed ills?	14
Let's say for arguments sake that you chain Helen Keller to your washing machine.  She never tells you she's unhappy so you would have no problem leaving her there?  Or are you saying that animals are more likely to enjoy being chained to things?	14
">That's the COMPLETE OPPOSITE of what we do.  It's the complete opposite of what the subreddit says it **wants to do**. And, like I said in another comment here, I think that that is also the wrong thing to do. Even if r/SRS did what the sidebar said (and in most cases it they don't) it would still be wrong, because it would be inflating it to make it look like more agreed with it than did."	14
"By the way, being a guy doesn't change anything I've stated thus far.  As for ""needing an ego boost"", I think it's pretty clear who's desperate for that.  Anyone that spends as much time as you do worrying about what other people think has pretty obvious self-confidence issues."	14
" two thumbs and all the toes up!! im from devon and i hate kids, especially the ones who wait for busses. i will be starting a legal support fund soon so that these great entertainers can get back behind the wheel so that they can drive straight to my heart."	14
"Its simply a badly made, badly written music video. When theres people out there who think that they can buy their children's way into a music career and then auto-tune the hell out of the singing, they deserve others to ridicule them. Yes there are some people who take it too far with awful threatening comments. But If you can't stand the heat, get out of the kitchen"	14
"There are two systems of justice. One for you and me, and one for the well-connected and the rich. Also, they had to bail Cheney out since he probably knows so much that could indict others at high level. so he had to be protected. Bush, Cheney, Rumsfeld, all immune to punishment."	14
"Is that really the only thing you could take from my comment?  That I've used a comma incorrectly somewhere?  That's what's wrong with literacy education.  We're training students to focus on the mechanics so much that we sacrifice the underlying meaning of the writing.  Who cares what they say!  They spelled it wrong, so it's wrong.  We must work to stop the onset of such shallow thinking."	14
so when republicans (those tho want to keep money)   cut budget for mostly liberal/democratic crowd(those who want to distribute money)   the latter march out because they want to keep their money instead of keeping healthy budget   am i getting this right?	14
"http://thedudeoforkut.multiply.com/  http://www.flickr.com/photos/thedudeoforkut/33348265/  HAHAHAHAHAHAHA. ahah. ha. ahahaha. Oh god the laughing, it hurts. Heh. This man is a douchebag of the highest order.  *edit link formatting"	14
"Clear*channel* destroyed radio. They were manifestly not making radio, they were selling products.  Whenever somebody wants to reduce a concept to merely hawking stuff to somebody else, whatever that thing is becomes a hollow, meaningless shell of its former self.  Radio in America, somebody should try it."	14
Whether someone is a war criminal or not shouldn't be decided by a popularity vote.  *Alternative response to express more passion:*  Whether someone is a war criminal or not shouldn't be decided by a fucking popularity vote.	14
">We shouldn't delay the good people behind us trying to get home to their loved ones.    You realize that if the process involved a tasering to the balls they could still trot out this defense? It's meaningless because it doesn't in the slightest address the real issue here. Fuck you Pistole, you spineless turd."	14
"Why is it that a plane can land somewhere random and there are multiple cameras that catch it, but when a plane hits the pentagon, the heart of our military, there is only one picture that shows no plane, just an explosion."	14
"Ketsul, I would be very careful with wackyvorlon. He is a fifth generation atheist that does not understand the true motivations of Christianity and God. He is masturbating right now to Christopher Hitchens and Richard Dawkins porn as he types these infuriating comments."	14
"When it comes to covert ops the US doesn't give a flying fuck about legality.  They just bought a US citizen's freedom from a Pakistani prison after he shot two people on the street.  Prior to using money, they actually tried to break him out, and killed a third Pakistani in the process.  http://www.informationclearinghouse.info/article27690.htm  "	14
"How exactly can they spend all this time debating how insulting Grayson is being, that entire panel getting all hot and bothered about how he's lowering the level of debate etc. and they're so offended by his behavior, and not somehow be offended by nobody having healthcare?  This crap blows me away.  The media is completely unable (or unwilling) to focus on anything of importance."	14
"> more as an alert than a ""hey WTF!""  In the UK, that is the ONLY legal reason to honk your horn.  You did practice a slightly insane, nervous tick while he was taking sideways glances at you, didn't you?"	14
"We don't see it as 'insurance'. We get sick we get treated there's no middle-man! As for coverage, we have no need to call it 'coverage', since it covers every single man, woman and child in the country! Even illegal immigrants can get treated for free before they are sent back to where they came from! "	14
"Jeebus, that's only New York City.  Even if you eliminated all pre-1,000 AD immigrants, there were hundreds of ""nations"" in the area of the current USA. We have no consensus/homogeneity that you can point to as ""American."" Except for maybe ""America, fuck yeah!"""	14
"Yes, let's not do anything that gives these children hope for the future, let's just concern ourselves with making sure they have food and water today...  ...so we can concern ourselves with making sure they have food and water tomorrow...  ...so we can concern ourselves with making sure they have food and water the day after that..."	13
">If he takes it as a taunt or bluff, he might leave a nasty message on the phone number you provide (which may just get a bit of evidence for the PD to trace  won't happen. You think any PD actually gives a shit about his Wiisports and ipods? You'll be lucky to get the police to fingerprint after a homocide."	13
">Link karma is trivial. Any spammer can accumulate link karma.  So you are less than a spammer?  >14,231 comment karma, bitch.  Any spammer can repeatedly post worthless comments  >Who is IRL? Is that your dad? You gonna go tell your daddy on me, kiddo?  Bad troll is bad."	13
"There was a time in history where if you were a uniformed soldier captured in war, you were treated with courtesy and respect, as the professional you were.   The fact that we call ourselves a civilized country and yet we subscribe to this barbarism is nonsense.  By the way, professional soldiers never fight to the death. All that does is get you killed."	13
"It attacks dsRNA which doesn't exist in human (animal) cells. Even if it did change to attack ""normal"" single strand RNA, and apart from the fact that it isn't airborne, it would be so lethal it would have much reduced communicability."	13
"Right, like any member of that organization would shop there to begin with.  The salespeople would laugh them right out the store...  ""OMG!  They have to be filming an episode of 'What Not To Wear'!  They're not?  Honey, the polyester store is on the other side of the mall."""	13
"I too stopped year before last... I had only one big family show up, didn't say ""trick or treat"" (*no habla?*), the 5-6 teens pushed the little ones out of the way, and the parents pushing strollers didn't stop them. Most of them weren't in costume.        Pathetic, like low-class ingrate beggars... I felt like someone's bitch."	13
"While people should (and do) fight the patriot act, it's arguable that you should not protect any violation of a right no matter how small.   After all, the back of the bus gets there at the same time the front does... it's not a big deal right?"	13
"So don't let any of them get away with it. Hold them accountable. Make sure you let them know, publically during the coming campaign, that you no longer consider them fit to hold public office.   And stand behind that, don't vote for those without the courage to do the right thing."	13
"Let me tell you about a time I know  It happened a couple weeks ago  Waiting for a security check  The time came and they told me to step aside  They fondled me in interesting ways  I got butt raped at the security gate  If it wasn't for gate rape, I'd never get laid.   GATE RAPE   ---------------------   I could have done better."	13
"There was always a lot of guns.  What there wasn't before was a government unwilling to do anything for the body of the people that would fly in the face of what the major corporations and insiders (think: banks) want.  There is no democracy, okay?  None, it does not exist.  So whatever happens after that is going to be violent."	13
"If It were me, I'd make a huge sign with a picture of Rev Fred Phelps taking it in the ass from a big red devil.  I'd title it ""Rev Fred Phelps likes the the Hot Satan Sausage"".  He's their 'spiritual leader', let them suck on that."	13
"If this is the case, why don't you believe in the Koran, the Talmud, buddhist texts (many of which predate christianity), sumerian or egyptian mythology, or any other number of religions that both share similarities with christianity and have religious text to back up their beliefs? Why is your belief system special if it's just as unprovable as the rest? "	13
"Sorry. Nothing guarantees you your efforts will be worth money.  The value of media is effectively zero. Media is easy to copy, easy to distribute, and easy to obtain. Market demands are always met and the demand is for zero cost media. Trying to stop it will be as effective as the drug war. Find a new business model."	13
"> joining both key world wars of the twentieth century appallingly late   So why is it that we automatically have to join every war, especially ones that have nothing to do with us?  If the Europeans hadn't all gotten chain-ganged into it it wouldn't have been a world war in the first place."	13
"Same here. Umbrellas are for pussies, and besides, they're completely worthless in a real storm. Now, if he were handing out expensive Gore-Tex hard shells in my size, we'd have something to talk about... primarily whether or not they were stolen goods."	13
"Um, it's shit like this *males*.  Referring to women as ""females"", particularly when you are using it in a context that disparages them, makes it really hard to take you seriously.  Men that call women ""females"" in a non-scientific setting make many women want to turn and run as fast as they can."	13
Did you  know that America was the one who put ruling clerics into power in Iran?  America does this all the time.  We are allies with you one minute you are our enemy the next.  Shit we also gave chemical warfare knowledge to Iraq which they used to commite genocide on the kurds.  This is a common for any country that has an empire like america.	13
"Megaphone has been using Reddit for ages now. Zealots for Zionism, I suppose. It does get as sickening as the Bush efforts at controlling the media debate. Fox might as well openly be 'Israeli News and Views'."	13
"Thanks for saying it like it is. The amount of people flaunting their ignorance of piano in this thread is astounding.  Now, if you want some *really* good improvisation, listen to this or this or this. Or anything else on this guy's youtube channel."	13
"Chuck Norris was never cool. The meme only really caught on because it's funny to think of such a ridiculous looking guy as a ridiculous force to be reckoned with. Kind of like MacGyver, but a real person in at least a physical sense. Everyone knows Bruce Lee is a badass, but it's not fun to make jokes about it because he really looked like a fucking badass.   "	13
"r/atheism is one subreddit out of thousands.  They hate all religions, but especially Christians because that's what they see the most daily and effect them.  They're hateful dumbasses, and the mass majority of the time, that kind of vitriol hate speech is downvoted immediately outside of r/atheism."	13
"Yes. And it is fucking absurd. BinLaden's stated purpose was to drive the west to declare war on Islam. If we fall for it, we abandon our values. And they win. We need a national show of solidarity for moderate peace loving Muslims. which most are..."	13
"I'm not here on Reddit to speak French, even less to brag about my (non-)accent. I'm just fed up with having a subreddit I usually find interesting being flooded with people asking the same question.  It's **exactly** how r/pics with people posting *No, *this* actor/game/underpant/used condom was the shit in its time"	13
"I think that there's still the point that it's a pretty poor technique in an argument to resort to ad hominem attacks, maybe you should both attend critical thinking classes. Learn to structure a convincing argument and not just fill out a poor one with colourful language."	13
"That I'm fine with.  But there's been a lot of hating on religious folks cause ""they're stupid"".  I think the one that finally did me in was a thread that popped up a while back with ""If Christians can't think logically enough to realize THERE IS NO GOD why the fuck do we let them vote?!?!?!"""	13
"There's no music involved.  It's just spouting simple couplets with a rhyme scheme of AA, BB, CC, ETC. while waving ones arms, intermittenly scratching the crotch, and farting the beat.  nothin' to it."	13
"While it's true that many people don't have a family doctor here, the majority of people do. Plus, even without a family doctor, one can still get examination and prescriptions, etc. from an after-hours clinic. However, it isn't uncommon for people to unjustly go to Emergency for such things too. Idiots."	13
"Ah yes, the Toupee fallacy. Everyone thinks toupees look bad because the good ones don't get recognized as not being a natural head of hair.  While I'm not a part of the ""Reddit is a misogynist's haven"" camp I do think that the popularity of images and posts like the one in question speak to a certain degree of bitterness that many users seem to harbor towards women, especially attractive ones."	13
"Canadian representing - not one single Canadian person ever in the history of Canada (literally) would identify as an ""American"", even though we are fully aware that Canada is part of North America.  To a Canadian, American = from the United States of America.  Can't speak for the Centrals or Southies."	13
"No not really a chip, just pissed off with the blatant imperialism of the Americans...  and pissed off with the Danish administration that has many avenues for pressuring right back instead of just accepting whatever the US says..."	13
"would prefer that it was ""never forget why 9/11 happened"", implying an examination of foreign policy and other factors that led up to the murderous attack.  but that might lead to a better american society..."	13
So she’s dead; and now buried (04/04/09).  Gone.  I never knew her. Yet she was my future made real for me to see. Piggy nose and inherited deprivation from a black outsider father.  I admit I cried; tears made me blink and left a salty taste in my mouth. Is this what it is going to be like for my unborn grand children? Will the UK always be a broken society?	13
">Waste Management  That is the next target of the public outrage then.  And people should boycott them where ever possible.  And on a side note, this means the ability for them to dump it is under direct control of Piyush Amrit Jindal."	13
"Wow, guess I hit a nerve.  Sorry for expecting a seemingly respected website to back up their claims.  Next time I'll know better.    By the way, should I only apply this 'take facts blindly' for just consumerist, or is it OK for me to turn on Fox and believe everything they say, too?"	13
Exactly. This guy's just an asshole.  He goes on like he's somehow better than everybody else for finding the humor and cleverness in Monty Python. Being able to quote everything from Monty Python does not make you superior. It doesn't make you an intellectual.	13
Maybe when the president has taken the UNKNOWN step of sending unsolicited emails to citizens.  Maybe when he sets up a flag@whitehouse.gov for snitches.   And when that fails he goes after your children because MAYBE they will listen.  Not saying I believe that but that is probably how a right-winger thinks.	13
"Chickens in an intensive environment are not safe. The weaker are predated upon by the stronger (ie. peaked or eaten to death). The losses through disease are much greater.  > Studies have shown that chickens kept outside spend more of their lives in fear of potential predators.  I'll rubbish your unsubstantiated claim with a similarly unsubstantiated one, thus: Rubbish :-)"	13
"Good for him. Now that is how you treat a rapist--i mean, his own son ? making him his g/f ? WTF went through that mans head, oh well, now that he's been detached, i guess lights went out pretty quick."	13
"What? I'm just pointing out that people with schizophrenia-spectrum disorders tend to be obsessed with ""Megaphone"" conspiracies and Holocaust denial.  And I see that you're trying to inject a little ""Jews are greedy"" race myth into the discussion. What a good little goosestepper you are."	13
"Once again, you can thank Bhutto for helping promote violence in Kashmir.  Islamic fundamentalist groups grew in power exponentially during her time.  Relations with India went from being favorable to being absolute crap - until, once again, Musharaf stepped in and mended fences.  It amazes me how she is a complete 180 from her father."	13
"No, Mr. McCain, it hasn't been working well.  This past March, a group of West Point graduates came out of the closet in solidarity and denounced the Don't-Ask-Don't-Tell policy.  MORE: http://www.antemedius.com/content/mccain-thinks-dadt-has-been-working-well"	13
"It is Faux News!  Nothing they say can be trusted.  We should block their postings.  If the RNC wants to post something from their website and stand by it, let them.    But pushing propaganda through Fox News is terrible."	13
"holy fuck, you're totally right about your eyebrows.  If I knew you I would probably try to piss you off to get you to do this more often.  In other news, I enjoy the giant x that your hairs form across your forehead.  It's almost like you're an anti-Harry Potter, fucking rebelling like a boss. "	13
"Scotland must have hired the state of Kansas' brilliant adnerds.  Kansas--it's as big as you think. That shit cost us 1.5 million.  And many liberal Kansans have amended it to read,  Kansas--it's as bigoted as you think!  "	13
"that's scary, and exactly the kinds of things I was looking for. ""Collosians 3:18: Wives, submit yourselves unto your own husbands, as it is fit in the Lord."" this was used to argue against women's suffrage. The amount of damage religion is doing to our progress is dumbfounding "	13
"Well, going into Afghanistan did not cause the loss of freedoms.  That and sending troops into Afghanistan were effects of September 11th.  Leaving Afghanistan ""NOW!"" would only leave an ineffective government, police, and military similar to the vacuum left after the Russians left that allowed the Taliban to take power and gave Al-Qadea space to train and plan."	13
"My request is not for blind justice, but for someone with more knowledge than I to look up some information. Did I ask them to harass? No. Did I ask them to do anything but provide me with info? No.  Your lack of faith in the internet community and your assumptions of my intent sicken me."	13
"Something I find amusing is that the 20-somethings who are liberals and won't vote eventually grow up to be conservatives who do vote.  As Churchill is supposed to have said ""A man who is not liberal at 25 has no heart and a man who is not conservative at 45 has no brain."" "	13
"LOCK DOWN I just love how the media treats schools like prisons. Lock down this bitch. Second Amendment ""A well regulated Militia, being necessary to the security of a free State, the right of the people to keep and bear Arms, shall not be infringed.""  Fight Crime shoot back!"	13
"I have class in the J-school, and they have a screen constantly playing CNN right as you come in. Seeing Rick Sanchez talk about the twitter updates of zero-credibility internet randos makes me want to smash said screen."	13
Now all the Reddit panties are in a twist with this post...go see the poll results and read the stats.  The HuffPo and Think Progress seem to be on par with Fox.  No really man...see the results and then make up your own mind if the headlines match the poll results.	13
"This is you getting called out.  That's not you, it is no_warhawkz who I work with, he wore that hat and that shirt to work today and then went to class at noon. edit: This is him and his response to this post"	13
"... that's not semi-vegan. That's pollo-pescetarianism.  There's no such thing as ""semi-vegan"". You can be vegetarian, pescatarian (vegetarian except you eat fish), lacto-ovo (vegetarian without milk or eggs), or vegan. "	13
"Ironic that your attempt to reasonably explain why this story gets downmods resulted in you being bombed back into the stone age.  Reddit is full of newly-joined idiots these days, and posts like this one draws them like flies to shit."	13
"It needs to stop, but what needs to stop is the praise and adoration some people are heaping on this traitor.  He betrayed the trust placed in him and he engaged in a conspiracy to distribute information he was entrusted to secure. His actions were espionage and traitorous.  He deserves to be inprisoned for his actions and perhaps worse. He certainly does not deserve anyone's praise."	13
"Id like to ask everyone to PLEASE KEEP THIS SHIT OFF THE WEBS. We have enough fucking problems with the geotagging etc etc, please stop fucking giving big brother ideas to take away our privacy, kthxbai   Youre a bitch."	13
"Your point is again true, but impossible -- no one can live in that period anymore, it's gone.   You will never again have a perfect match to that period, there will always be differences.   Your original point was that the guards of that time would have just shot the Canadians and left them in a ditch -- I merely refuted that point."	13
Glad u realize that this type of stories are not right! you know that even tho I do movies and why not. I have a life outside of adult and this type of stories can ruin lifes. I will ask u to please take my name down for this blog or take the blog down period!!! thank you!!	13
"No, according to a bank, letting you overdraft and charging you a fee *is* 'overdraft protection', because they are protecting you from *not being able to overdraft*. You see, banks use doublespeak. In fact, they damn near invented it.  Either way, it costs them nothing to charge your credit account instead of your debit account, so you're paying them for air."	13
"its not like this is going to happen, they can say whatever they want  if they do try to make ""spyware"" that deletes files, it will either A) be easily circumvented or B) mess up peoples computers and result in a class action lawsuit  they are blow hards"	13
"You really think that tea party people will be looting?  My guess is that tea party people would instead fight against looters.    By the way, it is very clever of you to use a sexually obscene term to rename the tea party.  "	13
"AIPAC controls America with money, big money, that is funneled into the campaign funds of U.S. senators, representatives and yes, even candidates for the president of the United States.  AIPAC channels money through a number of innocently named Political Action Committees (PACS) that no one (I don’t believe anybody wants to) can trace to AIPAC—Israeli money."	13
"I was going to post a comment retorting about how anyone could have the time or energy to even begin to care about whether a poster is directly associated with whatever they are posting, but then I remembered that I don't have time or energy to do that."	13
when the police who maliciously charged this man for recording the cop &amp; raided his home to confiscate his computers..... gets appropriately punished. THEN I will applaud.   Cops will still continue to falsely charge people &amp; use the law to vindictively punish people.... and wont be held responsible.	13
"Based on the headlines, and not content or source which you didn't quote here, I would downvote all those.  THEY ALL SUCK. (1) First one sounds like conspiratorial garbage (2) Of no real significance (3) Even less significance  Find better stories.  I'm glad those got lots of downvotes; I never had to see them."	13
"The Sun doesn't have the required mass now and it won't have it in the future. In fact, it's losing mass all the time. The Sun can't go super nova, it's a marble compared to the really big boys out there.  Crappy web page with neat animation on size comparison"	13
"You guys have been so busy all morning - cut and paste, cut and paste. Not much creativity but lots of cutting and pasting. Didn't you notice that other successful submissions were funny or interesting?"	13
"fuck that shit, we just bought a house that had all the copper ripped out. all the wiring, all the plumbing, all the windows and doors smashed, all the dry wall ripped down. we are doing every thing our selves. and if we get caught oh fucking well."	13
"How people let one slip up destroy a relationship amuses me to no end.  OMG SHE DID ONE THING WRONG! SHE'S OUT OF HERE!  Get over it. If she's been perfect otherwise, this (albeit Large thing) was just one thing that's making him question the relationship.  If he's wasn't questioning it before it happened, he should question whether advice like yours is worth it."	13
"Apparently you missed the point that WholeFoods made a deal that if they bought his produce, they could put use his farm on the website to promote their ""locally grown"" line.  The problem is that they never actually bought anything from him, and thus used his farm's name illegitimately."	13
"It is my sincere hope that all the board members of the Santa Ana Unified School District that chose to follow this legal route of trying to punish the victim are themselves molested by roving gangs of angry, well-hung alpacas and llamas.  With herpes.  Drunk and on a four day meth bender.  Repeatedly.  "	13
">Why does Reddit think people should die feeling like this if there is a way to stop it? I am honestly disappointed in the lack of understanding from the misguided people in the community.  I really don't know why you're surprised. Reddit has >400,000 members. Remember all those people who said idiotic things to you? They own computers, and that's all you need to go on reddit."	13
"Oh for fuck sakes people thats enough, this is not a 'middle east' problem most people dont even consider pakistan middle eastern. another thing, its not a muslim problem either, because it seems exclusive to pakistan and india, and not really any farther than that. i say its simply a tribal instinct kinda thing passed down from thousands-year-old barbarism."	13
"How would being fat be a feminist issue?  Women come in all sizes, not just fat.  Men also come in all sizes.  So no, it's not a feminist issue.  Perhaps the acceptance of fat men and not fat women would be an issue because of the double standard and inequality.  "	13
"IF you are the ""alpha male"" you got there because you enjoy and thrive in a challenging situation, and scrapping with the up-and-comers should fill you with fierce joy instead of natural fear!  I mean, carrying a gun because you're afraid of 13 year olds is stupid, but not as stupid as being afraid of 13 year olds.  Beta ..."	13
">'I didn't buy a round-trip ticket in case I got captured or something. I don’t want to waste another $800.  So... you wasted the first $800 flying to a place you felt dangerous enough for a return ticket to be redundant.  It's asian logic: save money, everything else is irrelevant  "	13
"That's not true. The Federation in Star Trek was republican as evidenced of their policy to not interfere with the free will of other civilizations unless they were causing repression of others. If they were Democrats, their mission would be to boldly go where no man has gone before, organize it, and tax the hell out of it."	13
"A law that makes the seller, who verified ID, responsible for underage drinking? That's some **SERIOUS BULLSHIT** right there. Like, civil rights violations bullshit.  I live in a college town; if they had this sort of ridiculous law in place, *nobody would be able to buy alcohol at any time, ever."	13
"Why do people care so much if other people look stupid? I can see being annoyed because you think people with headsets are talking to you or something, but why does it bother someone just to see someone with a headset?  Same question goes for Crocs. Why are people always complaining that they saw someone wearing Crocs?"	13
Better make sure your veggies don't come from China.    Do you trust that those canned mushrooms were really packaged in water that wasn't contaminated by heavy metals?  Or that the imported noodles weren't fried in mineral oil or made with melamine-laced flour?   Or the snow peas weren't irrigated with raw sewage or fertilized with industrial toxic waste?  Veggie is smart but eat local too.	13
"If electing a nice guy like Obama who will not solve any of the major issues facing this country will make the world love us, then we are in a lot of trouble.   In America, law is king.  Not Obama or McCain. Stop the wars. End the fed."	13
for the 40+ crowd - less wires the better...and the commercial makes it seem so easy and...and I can twitter from my couch!?!  I got no idea what twittering IS but if I can do it from my couch.....FUCK if I don't need that shit!	13
You don't have to have much to do with Reddit to have a very low opinion of Fox (or should that be F*cks) News. They are one of the most bigoted news services on the planet. They serve the interests of the rich and little of what they do or report is credible journalism.	13
"not as long as they can afford lobbyists  god fuck i could just see it, republicans will insist on bailout because it will save american jobs, and obama will go along with it, and give BoA even more money.  because he doesn't know how to negotiate. "	13
"I ride a motorcycle and this kind of thing can be very dangerous for me if it lodged in my clothing and set me on fire as i ride along blissfully unaware, or god forbid it went in under my visor! believe me no-one needs a butt in their helmet! BTW I wear gloves with kevlar knuckles, how much would it cost you to replace a wing mirror after I've punched it off??????? (just keep it in mind)"	13
"This is another way the failed policies of the Southern states are Infecting America.  Education is your ticket out of the Working Class.  Teachers aren't the problem.  Administrators possibly.  Cutting Teacher pay, is the stupidest way I've ever heard to ""attract talent"".  I'm guessing it won't work. "	13
"Him trying to stop the shooter and being liable if he doesn't and the shooter kills other people is a reasonable concern?  What planet are you from?  Following this logic, should the people that make ballistic vests be liable for not stopping that bullet that hit a guy in the head?  "	13
"so um, you know, these kids wearing ""american atheist"" tee's are no better then the kids wearing the ""american christian"" tee's.  the only odd thing is that atheism is being treated like a group or religion.  this is of course as side from the general lameness that is stating your beliefs or political interests on a t shirt or car bumper."	12
I just have to say as someone who has done a LOT of research on Jack Abramoff:   * Jack Abramoff was a bad man.  * Jack Abramoff corrupted our political process.  * Jack Abramoff fucked over a lot of people.  * But 99% of the crap on this (linked) site is easily dismissed paranoid rambling.	12
"No surprise at all. Of course there are modern figurative painters such as Freud, Hopper, Estes, Wayne Thibault , Diebinkorn, Paul Cadmus, The Canadian ""Seven"" that can be more arresting than 5 seconds but it usually takes less than that time to digest the ""gimmick"" of the vast majority. "	12
The Book actually tells us that we shouldn't hate.  You seem to think that a book that tells us to not do something is the same as it telling us to hate people who do those things.  Do you think Muslims all hate you because you had bacon this morning?  I always find it funny that it's mostly non-Christians who tell me that I have to be a homophobe because I'm Christian.	12
">Does anyone else feel this just makes it about race whether it was or not?  If they didn't say that (and there wasn't a picture), I'd be wondering.  Unfortunately, that's the society we live in right now.  And it seems to me that this kid was guilty of WWB (walking while black).  So, yeah.....it was necessary to include."	12
"I got to hear from my dad about how he and my mother (mostly my mother) pissed away $50,000 on their divorce! And then some skanks came by the house and he pretended that he wasn't having sex with either of them. But I did make chicken curry, so the day wasn't a total loss."	12
"Actually, I'm from Canada, not the states.  I just respect their space program.  You use NASA research every day, from velcro to microwave ovens.  As for the word goyim, I googled it (and I'm not a moron, it's pretty common parlance).  Psy-ops?  Are you delusional?  Go back on your meds!"	12
"Coming out soon, a feature length documentary on Dr. Norman Finkelstein, who was expelled from DePaul University and hounded by Alan Dershowitz for daring to expose the latter's fraudulent scholarship, and for challenging Israeli policy and US policy in the Middle East."	12
"Yep. Why, just the other day some people made it clear to me that they would rather have poisoned goods from a broken down chilled display, than, god forbid, walk to the end of the aisle where we relocated the creams."	12
"Ahhh.  While I completely agree that Sarah Palin is nuttier than Squirel shit and should mocked at every turn. I'm pretty sure that Discovery Channel is banking on there being more morons that like her, than otherwise. Which gets them more advertising dollars.   "	12
"You were supposed to be able to opt out but then our great and wise pollies decided what everyone in Aus needs is a good bit of internet filtering...  Check out the last three paragraphs on the first page of this article for the broad range of what they want to block and ignore all the parts at the start of the article about it being ""effectively scuttled""... it aint over yet"	12
"A great idea for a site if they extended it to *everything* Americans should know.  But yeah, cavemen don't do well against firearms.  The Dakota's, Kazakhstan, Gaza, Ghana, Guyana, Pandora, all basically the same story."	12
"What I don't understand is why he only claims his ""Black"" side.  He's HALF black, and HALF white.  He was raised by a white mother.  He has white Grandparents.  His black father was not in his life growing up.  If he truly wanted to ""bring this country together"" he'd claim his white side just as much as his black.  "	12
"Oh but wait, AT&amp;T has personhood!  It would be like an angry mob, millions of people suing one person! Can't have that.  Listen carefully, and you can hear Thomas/Roberts/Alito's rubber stamps hitting the paper.  "	12
OH MY GAWD! Are you saying that an image that was funny and probably not created by you and probably submitted by four other people and looked at by separate people and uploaded and different times in different forums might have snuck onto the first page twice?  We best be burning this motherfucker down!	12
"My point being that it's summer here in the Northern Hemisphere, meaning that it will be really hot sometimes.  Heat waves do not a global warming crisis make, nor do cold snaps in winter make a case for no climate change."	12
"Don't make it such a stretch to present truth, for chrissake.  You are absolutely correct on this point. All gyno exams are very invasive. Fingers and metal up the vagina is par for the course for something that happens *yearly* for those women interested in maintaining or looking to achieve optimal vaginal health."	12
"It depends on the person.  Unless you are willfully blind and nationalistic, you know pretty well where your country stands on the world's economic totem pole (and the prevelance of Western media gives even inexperienced people a reference point from which to judge).  Only stupid people are offended by the truth.  But, anyway, that is why I said half-sarcastically."	12
"Got'damn! I'm running out of paper to print enough letters to Ottawa for all the various issues with meda, telecom, etc. in this Country. They are fucking up so much I can't keep track. Activism is draining."	12
"Not many late teens would put themselves in the Middle East for a year. That's a sacrifice enough for me to be thankful for.  To quote someone else, I'd rather overappreciate a veteran than underappreciate him. Quit whining.  8 years active Army."	12
"hmmm.. post something against Islam from (wait for it...) the Jerusalem Post!  Shock horror! Then quote some section of someone else's holy book for a questionable bit, when *every* religious text has their nasties.  Bible included.  Hence ""troll"" is well deserved.   "	12
"Oldest excuse in the book...  On a serious note, I used to have a few teachers that would consistently take forever to grade anything. Important exams, minor homework, anything. They'd always give us some crap excuse!"	12
TRADING GOODS AND SERVICES FOR OTHER GOODS AND SERVICES IS EVIL. PEOPLE NEEDING AND MAKING STUFF IS GREED. WE ARE THE 99%.  Ninja edit: maybe I should have made a novelty account called OWS protest sign for this.	12
"Sorry, figured I'd answer gross generalisation with gross generalisation on that one. curious extrapolated from my interests and the interests of others not agreeing to me having no social skills, I extrapolated from 50 year old natterboxes who read Heat to any conversation involving social skills.   Seems a fair trade to me :P"	12
"No. This is how racial discrimination used to work, then we passed a law against it. In order for this type of policy to lead back to racial discrimination, you'd have to get around the Civil Rights Act of 1964. This is just historical ignorance."	12
"So I have to care if I give someone money or not? I'm clicking a goddamn link. If I like it, I upvote it. The reality is, most people doesn't care. I might stick up with not linking to ripped content, but I sure as hell won't stop upvoting. Sorry."	12
"You know, this is bad and all, but it doesn't make sense for there to be an exception for rape or incest.  If one considers a fetus to have the same rights as a newborn, it doesn't matter whether the mother specifically chose to conceive, murdering a newborn is still wrong.  "	12
"I don't think he/she has leaned how to reason things over. I had the same issue with him/her earlier. Either you agree, or you are a racist/sexist/whatever name can be called that might invalidate your opinion. "	12
"You can't rely on people not being self-serving and selfish.  It's government's job to define a legal structure that punishes bad behavior and our legal system is broken.  Regulations have to make sure CEOs are punished for not serving the corporation's interests, don't compensated despite bad behavior by overpaying. And get rid of corporate citizenship.  (I know it's a fantasy.)"	12
"Why does reddit have a problem with this?  If a story hits the frontpage, it's because the story is interesting and has been upvoted by the users. If it's not interesting, it won't hit the frontpage.  This Khan may construct his link title so that it is optimized for upvotes - but so does almost everybody else, that posts on reddit."	12
NY is pretty badass.  We get along here - are rude to anyone who doesn't have a proper sense of hurry - and think CA is a hippy wasteland with some good beaches.  So I think I speak for most NY-area people when I say CA is a nice place to visit - but I wouldn't wanna live there.	12
"As a seat of learning, money-spinning Roebuck University gets bottom marks when money-grubbing bean counters replace professors and students become cash cows. Corruption, monstrous egos and murder head the curriculum, along with romantic angst, sanity issues and bad plumbing. An hilarious riot of a tale from hit TV writer Steve Attridge that echoes an imploding real world."	12
"Burger King is providing the demand for tomatoes that provides them with jobs.  As much as they probably deserve higher wages, there are people elsewhere in the world that make even less and would be thrilled for those jobs. "	12
"tl;dr version:  > Racial theorist Shelby Steele believes continued societal deference to the victims of racial discrimination has permitted blacks ""the license not to meet the same standards that others must meet""."	12
"The thieves should *also* be in jail.   There are certain kinds of crimes that are legal only because legislators lack imagination. For all the times jerk cops string up the innocent on contrived charges just to justify arresting them, there are occasions where really vague charges like nuisance and mischief apply.  Plus, she stiffed her driver."	12
"The past 5 years mayhem in Lebanon has been engineered by Israeli agents who executed the bloodiest terrorist attacks, assassinating Lebanese leaders to provoke another civil war. The Lebanese love to hate and blame Syria for those assassination which makes Israeli efforts doubling its gains, getting rid of foes and blaming hostile states for killing them. "	12
"He does not know his stuff...  Orlando International Airport is the NAME of the airport. Yes, airlines call it MCO but the airport is still called Orlando International Airport. Get your story straight. I live in Orlando.  Sanford International Airport is not the same as MCO. The original poster is exactly right."	12
"I have it on word from a time traveler that within the next year you are going to suffer an accident and become partially paralyzed, thus being forced to live a painful, cold, lonely, unloved life.   Therefore, I am going to come to your house and shoot you dead before you have the chance to suffer living the worst life possible.  Sound fair?"	12
"Email, with personal websites *you* control for broadcast information rather than giving it to Facebook, who've outright stated they sell (well, 'license') it to other people for whatever they want? Even if it's set as private?"	12
Start your own sub-reddit; call it r/iamatwat.  Be the mod.  And ban everyone from commenting within it.  Prosper.  By yourself.  But at least you will be in control and no one will be able to disagree with you.	12
"Either you can send a MMS message today, or you don't. If you can't send the message, it doesn't help a bit what the towers are capable of, or rather might be in the future. The capability of transmitting data does not imply ability to transmit MMS messages, and the towers are not the only thing that must be upgraded. Please stop insulting people, and check your facts."	12
"> Citation definitely needed.  Google it; I don't have every bit of my knowledge easily cross-referenced like Wikipedia, nor do I have the inclination to disgorge that knowledge to you.  > Your personal anecdotal evidence.  Nope, I never claimed it was personal or anecdotal. "	12
"How many kids ever actually got hurt on this type of playground equipment?  In all my years playing on them, I only recall one kid who got hurt and he was semi-retarded or just plain old dumb.  I'm sure plenty got hurt, but the point is that the numbers were really insignificant."	12
"Airlines charge you for carry-on bags based on size and weight, which are analogous to speed and bandwidth consumption for an ISP.    Imagine if the airlines wanted to charge you different rates for your carry-on depending on what you had inside it.  It would never work."	12
"That's fucked up in itself. Dogs can go a lot longer than a day without food, and for the dog to magically pick that day to starve to death is a bit too coincidental for me to easily buy it. I wonder if this ass hole helped the process along somehow. Effin' creep."	12
"you obviously know little to nothing about Israel/US joint military programs. that's OK. yes, the US benefits immensely from these programs. oh, and btw, we're not talking specifically about the US DoD, they are recipients of funds themselves, they don't actually allocate funds to Israel."	12
">If you have insurance you like, YOU CAN KEEP IT. I don't know why certain people are so convinced they're being forced into a different health care plan.  Well, I thought that went without saying.    Unfortunately, our company does not provide insurance at a very competitive rate so the majority of our employees would probably opt for the government subsidy."	12
"> Unfortunately.  Why is this unfortunate? it is an annoying and unnecessary ""safety"" feature.  I pulled the door/seatbelt chimer out of my truck because I got tired of hearing it.   Edit: I don't know why I'm getting downvoted, what I said was true."	12
"She plays the same character every time. And, as the poster points out, it's not a good one. It's a very shallow one where she makes a snarly little face and cracks wise and sticks her chest out all the time."	12
"No doubt that Saudi Arabia is on the side of the Arab reactionaries opposing democracy, but the situation is not quite the same as Libya. If 2/3 of Saudi Arabia went into revolt and declared itself a republic, with full support of the Arab League and United Nations, and if the Saudi King was a ruthless as Gaddafi, then maybe the rebels would get foreign support."	12
"This is why I don't believe people should attempt to get married before say late 20s.  These ""life lessons"" are not learned yet by many who get married too young.   Experience life first, learn from it, then you can settle down and have that wisdom to keep it lasting"	12
"Do you have any idea how much a 747 costs?  airports?  Upkeep? I guess plane tickets should be $100,000 a pop.  I'm sorry but this bullshit doesn't fly.  Other places have no problem providing quality medical care for must less per capita with the same medical equipment and drugs."	12
> The kid called his classmates idiots and tore up a book with great sentimental meaning to a lot of people.  Why is that not his right? The state punishing someone because of their expressed opinions is the very definition of censorship.	12
"No it isn't.  Anyone can opt out of a union: don't take a union job.  There is no law forcing you to take a public job represented by a union.  On the other hand, if you want to take a job where the workers have unionized to gain better wages, benefits, and working conditions, and you want those nice things for yourself, you have to pay into the union to keep those protections going.  "	12
"What!?   I'm not yelling at you man, I'm yelling at how awesome and crazy that is!!! Chillax! I'm not 100% on the UFO thing but I have my positive doubts...  And fuck you for calling me a little brat man, just making my comment, sheesh, what a dick..."	12
"The Blank Slate by Steven Pinker has a good discussion on rape in the ""Gender"" (more accurately titled ""Rape"") chapter. The idea that sex/rape is about dominance basically has no scientific basis and is asserted and accepted purely based on political motive."	12
"The problem with these child prodigies is that they don't develop the maturity to push themselves beyond and overcome numerous failures. They're so used to ""winning"" and being praised that they have difficulty dealing with losing; so they usually top out."	12
You dont think they could figure it out just from this post?  How many 20th Century Fox meeting do you think they had today about buying senators and netflix?  This guy is full of crap.  He needs to back it up with some real audio or something.	12
"The only weapon that we have against corruption is information.  When we are able to see where the money went, we can see if the numbers that we have been given add up.  I don't know how capable they are of manipulating the numbers to hide any ""mistakes"", but with something this complex there's a good chance that some cats will be let out of the bag."	12
"What do you want me to say? Yes, he's working he ass off too and I respect him and everyone else working.  I'm using my brain and time, he's using his body and time. If he's at McDonalds or Google, I don't care. He is working. He makes the choices in his life and if he is happy, then good for him, seriously. If not, he needs to work at it a bit."	12
"No, I'm very firmly advocating establishing different standards. It's truly remarkable that so many people have commented expressing fear that any change to our current spelling system will devolve into chaos."	12
"Grammar corrections aren't anything against you as an English-speaking German, they're generally intended to correct annoying Americans or Brits who are too lazy to learn their own language. Otherwise for ESL (English as a Second Lanuage) redditors, corrections are intended, as teekeeus said, as a free English lesson so people online won't think you're a lazy American or Brit."	12
"I saw a couple headlines about it, so I knew the trial was currently being held. If it wasn't for the media pushing it on me, I wouldn't give a flying fuck. As it stands, I give a barely floating fuck. "	12
Over-hyped.  Not sure where you heard people saying it was bad.. all i heard were reviews about how good it was. I didn't find it worth watching a second time.  edit: I get modded down because I didn't like the movie?	12
"> Try showing up with a shaven sack, and society tells us that you'll be laughed out of the bedroom for looking like a little boy  Not so true where I live. Most girls here are noticeably happy when they see this."	12
The reason these mechanical complaints exist is because other American car companies where doing poorly while Toyota was doing great. These problems are nothing new. This sort of stuff happens all the time and there is hardly a buzz about it. Toyota had to be brought down a peg. It has been done before.	12
What Morgan Stanley was using the buildings for is irrelevant. They walked away from a contract because walking away was more favorable than staying in the contract.  How is this ANY different from me giving the keys to my house back to Chase -- who is the owner of the house per the mortgage I signed -- and moving to an apartment?	12
"So.. What if your family is having a BBQ at the park. Then a group of homeless people come up and start begging for food. Wouldn't you feel obligated to give them something. Maybe a bag of potato chips.  Soon after you have a under cover cop, jumping out from the bushes. Sir, your under arrest."	12
Global Warming Deniers never cease to amaze me.  What is the motivation?  From the article:  > according to reports from the U.S. National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) ... **almost** all the allegedly “lost” ice has come back. ... ice levels which had shrunk ... are **almost** back to their original levels	12
"There are so many areas of this country where, although abortion is legal, it just isn't available.  My state has three clinics in the entire state.  In the deep south, there are states with one clinic.   And now with these 24 hour wait periods, poor women just can't afford to stay in a hotel.  Those are areas where abortion really isn't available."	12
"Exactly. My brother took my gamegear once and I grabbed my gun, pistol whipped him while screaming ""give me my motherfucking gamegear"". Knocked out 5 teeth. Got my gamegear back.   Im sure its totally worth 15 years."	12
"Well, Reddit is a user-based content server in which popular things get voted to the top. Clearly memes and novelties are what reddit want. I get tired of it too but nobody has any right to complain about what makes the top of anything on Reddit because it's exactly what is meant to happen."	12
"Beck is a terrible example because his popularity has plummeted despite constantly being called out on reddit.  But we aren't talking about people simply making money on talk shows, but someone who was ALMOST the VP of the US and who almost certainly has aspirations to become the president one day.  Because of that, pointing out how retarded she is is a civic duty."	12
I agree that communism wont work here but equating the concept with the government of China is a false analogy.  You can have a democracy with a communist economy.  Communism and totalitarian rule are not synonymous.	12
"Cops are continuing to search for a second suspect, who is seen at the tail end of the 1:51 clip flooring the confused woman **with a vicious roundhouse left**.  o_o  I mean the left hook already made my blood boil. If he roundhouse kicked her, I would have maim his leg until he can't walk again."	12
"I love it when Brits try and tell me what my country is like. Once your government stops telling you to spy on each other I will care what anyone in the UK says. Sure the US isn't perfect, but I take it over the UK anyday."	12
"ahh kk, just wasn't totally sure about it all though I did really like NDP I personally think Liberals have fallen off and dont trust them in office right now anyway though happy to see NDP get a lot more power and see what can happen now with this."	12
"It wouldn't matter as long as the banks got the money.  What I mean is the government could split the bailout money evenly across all mortgages and pay them to the banks on behalf of the homeowners.  The cost would be the same, the banks would still get their cash, the market would still get it's good news to rally on but the little guys would get less of a fucking."	12
">Moreover, the healthcare debate has turned into Liberals form of ""why do you hate the troops"" in many respects. If you don't fully support whatever the hell the Democrats want to pass than you want people to die. Just yesterday reddit posted an article on how the Republicans have become ""death panels"".  This needs to be said again."	12
"so, you're in denial of the facts, and your brain just shut down.  you didn't even bother to watch the video, you should.. it's informative, and proves your claim ""This is an outright lie, and you know it."" to be disputed."	12
"My biggest annoyance is people who complain about other people at the driving range.  If you don't like it, go to the end of the driving range or buy an iPod or MP3 player and ""tune"" it out.  The driving range is NOT the golf course so the rules should be a little different."	12
"I'm sorry, but it is not. This is an example of how it is not necessarily true that being fat is unhealthy. You say that any amount of fat is unhealthy? I assume you are very slim and worry about your weight a lot. "	12
"> high school seniors are being asked to write position papers on the following: “Why the rock should be Ohio’s and not Kentucky’s.”  Thank you public schools for teaching our children 'what to think', instead of 'how to think'.  They'll fit right in now."	12
">I've learned to accept this as the default concession speech of someone you just destroyed in an argument.  Excellent. I accept your concession. Considering you aren't addressing my question and continue with your ad hominem attacks it would appear that you no longer wish to participate.  However, if at some time you wish to get back on topic I will respond."	12
"he didn´t even ask you to leave? what the fuck.the cut didn´t have to be sutured, did it? did he or the owner apologize? if not- go sue ´em both! (i hope sutured is the right term, my medical english is far from being flawless.actually my whole knowledge of the english tongue is...)"	12
"If he's already at a point where he has to dumpster drive (either food or cans for drugs, doesn't matter), do you really care if he dopes up a bit? Life is complete suck at that point and even if it's some drunken junkie who landed themselves in that situation, without family intervention they're not getting out, so let the poor man get high."	12
"The New World Order has been visited upon Latin America for decades.  United Fruit says, ""Make me build that school (stop polluting your waters, etc.) for my worker's kids, and I'll move to a country where the guvernment is more business friendly.""  Solution? A better NWO."	12
">I'd like to hear why you think it's okay that Obama/Biden lied.  Not saying you should like it, but you should get used to it.    It's stupid to make people who can't even afford their own health insurance to have to pay for the insurance of someone else.  But smokers are evil, so most people will think it's okay."	12
"Honestly, Webmin scares me. I'd rather avoid entrusting root access and all my essential configuration files to a PHP application. I'm just biased that way.  Plus, last time I tried Webmin it was responsible for most of the warnings Nessus gave me in a scan."	12
"Do not get in a fight with him, unless you want to end up in jail and/or get sued. As much as you do not want to get anyone else involved, if you want it to stop you may have to. What he is doing is harassment and both your university and the law have remedies for this. Find out what they are at your school and avail yourself of them. "	12
"Grammar is only a theory. Accurately conveying meaning is more important than arbitrary grammar.  I'm sure the best approach, if you want someone to edit their grammar to be more understandable, would be to just ask them politely."	12
"They were an Allstate proxy insurance company, it was an allstate promotion.   Promises made under Allstate's name on their behalf _with their blessing_ were made, and reneged on based on technicalities.  The exact same thing happens with your insurance."	12
"Come on, people calling to say they know your job better than you are always fun.  From years ago... ""I can't browse the web.  Oh yeah, I'm an MCSE so I might need to talk to your supervisor.""   ""You're apparently not connected, you're not even getting an address from the DHCP server.""   ""What do you mean?  I'm in the building."" "	12
"Did the owner of the store know that the booze was being used for murder? Apples and oranges; he knew the car was being used for an armed robbery. He knew someone might get hurt. The sentence is excessive, but it's not an obscure reading of the law that led to his conviction. "	12
"No, it's also irrelevant to judging whether someone was responsible for responding.  The emergency service is responsible for responding regardless of whether it 'turned out okay in the end', because they certainly didn't know how it would turn out at the time of the call."	12
"Show me a successful politician, and I will show you a sex scandal. Read on for details of the Mark Sanford sex scandal and links to Mark Sanford Mistress photos. I also have some important lessons we all can learn from the Mark Sanford sex scandal."	12
"Of course he'd be skeptical.  *I'm skeptical* and I know a fraction of the physics he did (obviously).  The scientists who submitted the experiment are skeptical- they're asking for multiple, independent verification for that exact reason.  You can be excited and skeptical at the same time.  Also, all good scientists are skeptics.  "	12
It's been 34 years since he directed a good film. He produced shitty movies in the last decade. I think it's a little much to ask people to think of him for stuff he made before half the users of this website were even born when his recent stuff has been terrible.	12
> The non-European counties are worse in every regard.  What is this statement based on? I've been to some non-European counties and that is simply not true. Don't believe everything you read in the paper buddy.	12
"Like I said, you're just not in tune with the pacing of it. It's a mood that's being set, like a work of music, like some of the music in the film. _Atmospheres_ by György Ligeti is pretty slow, but what would you have it be? That's what it is. It's not to be entertained by, it's to be immersed in."	12
The best argument I've heard for taking the deduction goes like this:  1.  Decide how much you can afford to give. 2.  Give that amount plus the amount of tax saved when you deduct the gift. 3.  Charity gets more money.  Warmongering civil liberties crushing money-wasting government gets less.	11
"> Straight women don't seem to have many personality traits at all. That is worrying.  Not necessarily. It's simply that they are less of whatever trait has been listed, and lean to the opposite end of the dichotomy."	11
"There really is not anything entertaining or interesting about this strip. Sometimes I get the impression a lot of Redditors just see something they like in the title (xkcd, in this case) and upvote it without thinking.  Also, for the record, THIS IS FUKKEN BULLSHIT TOMATOES ARE DELICIOUS"	11
doctor invents a situation in which he is consistently surrounded by homosexual men that have issues controlling their urges to be with men. I wonder why he would do that? Might have had something to do with his desire to bang lots of dudes.	11
"Alright. Well, you date girls that play games. And I guess you're okay with that. I was referring to guys I've known who are in love with a girl and the girl is constantly making them feel not good enough, so that they can always be in charge. I said it's dangerous, because it kind of scars the guy for future relationships."	11
"No, but sometimes I'd ""require"" the closest shop, which may be a pharmacy.  I may have to drive an extra three blocks if the local pharmacy does not stock what I want.  And a pharmacist's belief system is just as sound and legitimate as the patient seeking medicine through that pharmacy."	11
"I totally agree. It probably won't be easy and you'll both feel hurt, but breaking up is the only smart thing to do. Don't let your fear of being alone hold you back. You'll thank yourself later, I promise."	11
"I think this is a great idea, especially in light of the fact that there's a black box in your car right now that records all your inputs, and will instantly be subpoenaed if you were in a wreck where someone was seriously injured or killed."	11
"I was a fan of Lady Gaga's proposition before DADT was repealed... ""If you don't like it, go home."" She pointed out that it's more likely that the ""straight"" soldier who is harassing the gay guy is the one who's damaging unit cohesion, and the homophobic guy is the one who should be sent home instead of the victim of his harassment."	11
I don't understand why the original paper was even released.  You'd think that results that contradicted relativity would make the research team want to find the mistake in their experiment rather than publish.	11
"That is proper design.  So far as I know, only one bank in my city has their ATMs set up this way.  It's ridiculous, since all that's needed is to reorder the events in the transaction stream, purely a software problem."	11
"That's not the way it works, but it doesn't matter. The guy wasn't in a car accident, he lost his job as a bartender. I know a few bartenders, and none of them could afford to just burn $1,500.  Either he didn't donate $1,500 to wikileaks, or he isn't broke."	11
"Right and that is formal justice, there is also justice in society.  It's why Oj was found innocent the first time around by the courts but guilty in the eyes of society.  I would go on debating this but the simple fact is that an investigation and the formal method of society dealing with a crime is fine but there is also a role society plays in justice.  "	11
"> Every person who takes orders (military or at a regular job) is a pawn when you do something someone else tells you to...  so true, but most pawns can't kill you with their thumb.  edit: uh, I mean this in a good way. Without the USMC, there would have been no VJ day."	11
"It's not about surrendering their rights of free speech, just pay for the right like everyone else through taxes. It is against US federal law for a tax exempt church to preach politics from the pulput."	11
"They do so. You think you could sell millions of cars if there were no roads to drive them on?  You might make a case for busses, but the truth is that many streets and bridges were designed to make busses or streetcars obselete.  There might be a case for roads for use other than cars, but they'd look far different than they do now."	11
"The US also promised the Kurds support and help to oust Saddam...and then, mysteriously, we shot down the US helicopter containing the entire Kurdish leadership that had just met for ""liberation talks"" in Jordan...  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1994_Black_Hawk_shootdown_incident"	11
"I give you credit for the Iraqis; but don't take words **in context** and still misinterpret them that hard.  He said ""Except for the native americans"" with the obvious intent that they are the only example.  Now, of course, he's still wrong."	11
I had a fight about this on another thread where I was promoting the idea of creating a pro-Net Neutrality PAC.   You're absolutely right stufff. The person accused me of lying or being out of touch for saying that contributions are capped. I wish people would bother to be informed about issues as legitimately important as how politics is financed.	11
Our sales e-book will provide you solutions on how to market if you are in the sales industry. This e-book will teach you how to sell which your closest competitors would hate to know that you filch their portion of the market share.	11
"Only for the committing murder, and I believe that they should die in the same manner that they killed their victim. EX. Strangled to death, bleed out after having throat slit or in some extreme cases, burned to death."	11
We should give criminals money so they don't act like criminals and if we stop giving them money they will act like criminals all that changes is the amount of money wasted.  There are many people more deserving of assistance who are law abiding citizens once all of them are taken care of then worry about giving criminals money.	11
"If it did happen, my real reaction (which I stated nicely in my comment to the thread) is that it was her own fault for feeling bad because she didn't even attempt to stand up for herself.  No self respect whatsoever."	11
"Man, where are you guys from who are downmodding this? US? Other countries? If you've lived in the US, have you also lived in other countries?  Please name another country in the world that gives the kind of options for young people that you'll find in the US.  I'd love to hear it.  UK? No way. Scandinavia? Ha! Nope. I lived there for years in the 90's. Japan? Maybe "	11
"No, I don't see any groups calling anybody anything, I just see an irrelevant assumption that has no bearing on anything whatsoever. Race is only a coincidence, but please, do us all a favor and pile even more bullshit on top of an already heaping pile of bullshit, it only detracts from real problems."	11
"This may upset some... but I think of the TSA in the same way I think about religion. On the surface, it may make some people more comfortable, but it doesn't really stand up to any scrutiny or critical thought.    Even more than religion, their mantra could be 'Don't think about it too much, just have faith in us and everything will be fine'. "	11
"Surpirse! A lot of Americans do not look at news.  Why are people shocked.    I personally follow this very closely, but a lot of my friends (of varying ethnicity) know about it but have no clue what is happening and why.  We all know Americans do not look at news unless it has a direct effect on them.  Especially politics."	11
"> When you're creating something very specific like the Disney world, you can't just let people do their own thing, or it all just falls into chaos.  That's exactly what I was trying to say.  You said it more succinctly.  They have a vision.  You are free to not like the vision, not patronize it.  But you can't blame them for adhering to it, because it's the only way to perpetuate it. "	11
"Don't blame IBM - blame the Independent's headline writer. Newspapers, even reputable ones like this one, are notorious for oversimplifying scientific content and making claims in the headline that go way beyond what has actually been achieved. "	11
"So if ""we"" decide that humans no longer have the right to free speech then it is ok for me to physically stop you from speaking?  How about voting that a group of people no longer have the right to life, speech, travel, property.  Can we then chain them together and force them to work like animals without any compensation?  Sounds pretty wrong to me."	11
wow what a funny joke you are so funny you should do funny things for a living with your funny humor and ability to come up with fresh humor to keep us all entertained.  i only wish that all of the internet was filled with such great and original humor.  i would laugh and laugh.	11
"What I hate is when you get messages like that for no apparent reason, and they won't go away, and the cashier is either helping someone else or nowhere to be found, and all you want is to get your frozen pizza and soda and go home."	11
"But this phenomena of prices going up doesn't really force alternative energy research as much as it forces an increase in the price of damn near everything you consume/buy.  Shipping goes up so food prices go up, bus prices, food, other commodities like electronics/furniture etc..."	11
"But ""marriage-like"" does not equal marriage.  Obama favors civil unions that are distinguishable from marriage only in name (source (PDF)).  If marriage-like benefits are the issue at hand, there are plenty of candidates we can choose from (I think even Hillary's over in that camp)."	11
>Derober's Resig [said] not a soul had contacted him or his site to verify any of the evidence  That's not what journalists do.  They retype press releases and cut-and-paste things they find on the internet.	11
"The issue is that the cops could have only found the place by searching through electrical records or using heat-sensing equipment, both of which have been found to be invasions of privacy and not used without a warrant."	11
"I once heard a rape advocate who told me that if the guy was drunk and the girl wasn't it counts as rape.   She also mentioned that if both are drunk it is considered rape but it can be hard to prove.    But of course, how things should be is not how things actually are.  So, yes you could file rape charges but the cops will probably just call you a pussy."	11
But their tiny hands can pick the hard to reach strawberries. What are they supposed to do? Hire little people?  PLEASE BE TOLERANT OF THE JOB CREATORS. They know best and you should listen to them. STOP regulating them or trying to tax them.  Damn liberals.	11
"And what if it does increase use? As long as usage is mostly decriminalized then who cares if its from a dealer instead of the corner store? It's a step in the right direction, but it's also something I'd be willing to settle for if we could just keep it that way."	11
"my first real fight happened when someone was cheating all recess at 4 square. they served against the rules, and were unbeatable. that's when i called him out, and socked him in the face, then hit him in the head with the ball.   it was awesome."	11
"You really can't make a claim for b either way.  There's more ways to buy influence than an over the counter political donation.  PACs, general lobbying, advertising, etc.  It's a great list (upvoted), but don't mistake it for clairvoyance.  It's a partial picture."	11
">Would you still do what you do if there was no pay? NO? Then you are doing something that you do not enjoy.  This logic is flawed.  If I wouldn't do what I do for no pay, that doesn't mean that I don't enjoy it.  It just means that there is something else that I enjoy more and can't get paid for (which is what I would be doing if I didn't need money)."	11
"Why bother?   He did not bother to read your first letter, only sent you a form letter.   Why would you think he would read a second letter.   You probably will just get the same one back again.       "	11
Well that much is obvious. It is also caused by man.  EDIT: downvote... right. Because those greenhouse gasses haven't been accumulating or anything and don't cause global warming? Also notice how I wasn't claiming that the man madeness is the obvious part.	11
"What is he going to say? ""I called this guy a faggot, ran up to him and he said if I got closer he would cut me""? Besides, who are the police statistically more likely to believe, some guy in a rice rocket or a guy wearing scrubs? "	11
"Routine traffic stop?!?!?  A guy got naked, chased an officer around, got shot, THEN tried to steal the police cruiser and then ran off and died in the woods. I think the officer was within acceptable tolerances here."	11
"Anderson Silva is 230 lbs before he cuts down.  He should be fighting at 205 and is sand bagging in one of the weakest divisions at 185.  I think Shogun could beat him.  Also Forrest was custom made for Anderson, slow and aggressive.  A Silva cant knock someone out if they dont charge him.  We saw that is the Maia fight."	11
"In your case my point is moot and I completely understand getting frustrated enough to change banks were a major change to take place without being informed. I wholeheartedly think credit unions are significantly better for people who actually have, or are on their way to, financial stability."	11
"Hate to break it to ya, but those were 3 different people.  Vannevar Bush founded Raytheon (a fascinating fellow too I might add).   Radar is usually credited to Robert Watson-Watt, who based his research on that of a couple French scientists.  Percy Spencer developed the microwave oven, with the first commercial models selling in '47."	11
"I'm sorry, I don't think you understand.  As an american, I consider all languages to be ""chinese"" if they sound chinese to me.  so korean and japanese fall under my ""technical"" definition for chinese."	11
"Can you not apply that to [fill in drug of choice here]? Just because a person smokes pot, or drinks acohol, or sniffs chili peppers, does not automatically mean that person is going to have this behavior/substance rule their life."	11
"As a woman who doesn't have kids yet; yes, when I have kids, I'll quit my job and stay home with them.  Why?  Because I think raising my own kids should be more important than my career *or* my ability to buy loads of shit I don't really need anyways.  And why me stay home with the kids instead of my husband?  Cuz I gots boobies! "	11
"You say that you honestly believe that the 99% that don't want war can force the top 1% to change, and I have one question for you: how? Mass protests once a year will not change a thing. What is plan B?"	11
"Probably so.  But you (and the article) didn't prove anything.  More pressure should be put on the guy, but unless and until the proof comes to light, saying ""Yeah, that was a hoax"" is simply inaccurate."	11
"... or how about *neither*?  There is a lot of truth to ""ignorance is bliss"".  The more I've lived and learned, the more sad I've become over the present and likely future of humanity.    I don't see that as a disease or a character flaw.  I see it as a rare willingness to walk around with my eyes open, and to actually care about others in the process."	11
He's a target for people who want to make him look foolish.  These people are more commited to making him look foolish and more likley more numerousthan his fan base.  It's really no suprise that his poll got trolled.	11
"Youth ministers get paid from their church patrons donations I assumed. Every now and then there are stories of churches paying their ministers $500,000. It's stories like that, just re-enforces to me that the church is just a racket."	11
"Let's ask all those late term babies that got 'flushed' what their opinion is.  Oh, what's that you say? They can't?  The killer of Tiller deserves to be punished to the full extent of the law.   Blaming O'Reilly is just typical leftist mindfcuked nonsensical gobbeldygook, where in their world view, nobody is responsible for their own actions."	11
"We have to find a way to make sure that every vote is valid and can be proven. If It takes an independent public review group at each voting location, hand counting each ballot before it is entered into the machines. Not by volunteers,(who may have an agenda), but by a jury duty type selection of diverse citizens.I want to KNOW my vote and every citizens vote can be proven and accounted for. "	11
"Then why would you put this on your work history? Just omit this. You have to know that this is dangerous to your hiring chances, so why would you volunteer that information? It's like saying you have an affinity for smoking crack every now and then on your application. If it's detrimental to your odds of getting hired, you should leave it out (at least the salary info anyways)"	11
"Belief in something like religion has no link to intelligence  Well, thats simply not true. There are SEVERAL studies showing the more intelligent a person is, the less they believe/need a higher power.  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Religiosity_and_intelligence"	11
And in doing so they have brought more attention to the hack then they would have if they left it alone. Seems like they fucked themselves. Will these companies ever learn. Don't fuck with the Internets.	11
I highly doubt the bodies of rigorous psychometric research will erupt with defeat after being disproved by a New Yorker article. Much of what is in this article has been extensively addressed by psychometricists.	11
";_; My global studies teacher showed us the fox special on the ""Moon landing conspiracy"", teaching it to us as if it's fact.  I tore him a new one in class, but lord knows how many students he's corrupted since I've graduated."	11
"Mexico and chile at the top, japan, netherlands, sweden and france at the bottom ... Yeah no.  For the english speaking nations I think it's mostly a cultural thing (fast food nation), you have it everywhere but those are culturally closer to the US so they are a bit more exposed to it."	11
"It's the most watched out of CNN, CNNHN, CNBC, MSNBC, and FOX. It doesn't have 50+% of the cable news market. And the majority of Americans don't watch cable news. So don't be too upset by that statistic."	11
"Yeah, it's true that raw denim jeans are pretty awesome... but he was a dick about it. And at the time, he was living his Super Bohemian Life and so while, CLEARLY, he didn't wash his jeans, this wasn't really the best choice in regard to, for instance, being Smelly Infection Boy."	11
"Except that Reddit *isn't* a journalistic enterprise that is supposed to inform and enlighten the populous.  If I read a thread on Reddit, I'm mindful that I'm reading people's opinions posted on the internet. Fox ""News"" on the other hand claims it is a news source, and a ""fair and balanced"" one at that.  To be concise, you're comparing apples to grapes."	11
Yup.  That's what it means.  Unless... he's really willing to humiliate himself... like if he really groveled and claimed he was a practitioner of Kabbalah.  He needs to come up with some gesture of truly revolting subservience to ingratiate himself to jews if he wants to put himself on the fast track (for goyim anyway).	11
I might not mind as much if I didn't keeping reading headlines of some drunk with 10 DUIs killing someone while they still had a valid license.  Until then I'm just gonna continue to think its a racket to make money and violate our rights	11
The U.S. healthcare system is the envy of the world?! you must be on some very good medications to say that. The U.S. healthcare system sends chills down the spines of any foreigner that hears about it. go ahead and ask them.	11
"Let the people of Oklahoma suffer for their mistake. Just like especially bigoted states ""enjoy"" a massive exodus of homosexuals leaving for more friendly communities, Oklahoma will reap what it sows. "	11
"not suppose to be a compliance tool, meant to defend against immediate threat. so now instead of using your gun and do a shit load of paperwork, you now use OC spray or tazer and do less paperwork. Not to mention a significant reduced chance of death.   there's a difference between someone not listening and someone fighting you.   now to play devils advocate, women are just as dangerous."	11
"No offense, but the fear really isn't from missile attack.  If Iran were to get a bomb, I think a lot of critics of Iran are worried that they would give it to an islamic organization like Hamas or Hezbollah, Al Qaeda what have you to then use in a terrorist attack. Thus we really can't retaliate in kind against a non nation state and that sort of takes away the MAD doctrine.  "	11
Even though they were friends alot of people may have turned the blind eye either out of embarrasment or just being a douch.  You just proved to your friends that you are indeed a friend for life.  I like to think I have friends like that instead of the friends that are just there for the good times.	11
"Cuts to discretionary spending are all well and good. But the real savings have to come from cuts to entitlements. Social Security, Medi-care and Medi-caid, driven in large part by runaway health care costs, are where the real cuts need to come from.   This isn't going to fix the problem, though of course, it would save some money. It won't solve the debt, bottom line. "	11
"This has got to be a joke.  Think about it, if someone gave away 500 copies at $37.49 it would cost $18,745.  If someone has enough money to do this, they should give it to a charity or something.  Edit: How about Child's Play or Doctors without Borders"	11
"That's vague. Corporations have the legal accountability of their actions - if they are sued, they must show up in court. If they are in debt, they must pay (or forfeit assets).   They lack some rights (voting and major privacy rights), and some legal accountability (corporation cannot be jailed, though individuals in the corporation can be.)"	11
In many places it is better than tap water. I'm so so grateful for living in the Netherlands where the standards for tap water exceed those of bottled water. I can fully imagine in countries with chlorine in their water that one might want a bottled water instead.	11
">""It should have been seconds rather than minutes so it was made instantly clear what had happened.""  It's wonderful to see that they have applied clear-minded hindsight and realized exactly where they steered wrong in this whole affair."	11
"It's good someone finally said this... i'm sick of people saying that we can't do anything about it since it's not illegal. With that said, r/jailbait isnt the worst subreddit on this site and i dont think it should be the one which we are focusing on shutting down (at first). There are a lot of more creepy subreddits and i would rather see them closed first. "	11
"Shit like this is why I either get my packages shipped to my office, or shipped via Canada Post.  Since it's all good if sent to the office, someone will be there to get it.  And Canada Post takes it to the nearest depot if they can't deliver it, and that's at the drug store a 5min walk up the road.  "	11
"http://money.cnn.com/2009/05/14/magazines/fortune/globalwarming.fortune/index.htm  Actually, the south polar ice caps are thickening.  Today, we are over the average for overall thickness.  Only the northern ones are losing a small bit of mass."	11
We supply and install all types of fencing. You will find a few of our fence manufacturers brochures on this page. If you do not see a fence manufacturer or fence style please contact us we would be glad to help you.	11
"I really don't know where you're coming from. Go live in North Korea.  Edit: It's true we live in a failed democratic republic. We might as well have dictators. But democracy is the will of the people and if you don't agree with it be an activist and a leader. You can do that in free societies. America's government is so corrupt though, abolish it."	11
"Hypothetically, if women were more perverted and thought with their hoo ha's and had a traditional history of being the head of the average household, I wouldn't mind going to work with underwear so the ladies would look at me."	11
"Well, there is the fact that Flash is insecure, a battery hog and old technology. Just because St Steve said it, doesn’t make it untrue.  Also, it potentially takes the host device hostage. Not everybody likes that."	11
"Well, if the Association of Accused Abusers says so!  This just doesn't square with reality.  Introducing an attorney into the process could only reduce the frequency of false reporting--a volunteer attorney has no real stake in the outcome and is bound by ethical obligations that most DV accusers, honest or not, don't know or understand.  I'm not sure what these guys have their backs up about."	11
"Then don't live in Arizona.   Of course, that might be easier said than done, and I respect the possibility that you may be unable or unwilling to move to cooler climes for a variety of economic or sentimental reasons that need not be elaborated on at this juncture. "	11
"I get your point, and appreciate it. But don't link to their website so they get more exposure. And protesting military funerals entered them into the mainstream because, fortunately, there are more military funerals than there are funerals for gays who have been bashed. In a few years the WBC will go the way of past hate groups, and few people will see them as anything but a sad joke."	11
"If you only support those who agree with you 100% then you'll never get a decent candidate into office.  The political process is about compromise, leave it to the Republicans to see the world only in absolutes.  "	11
This isn't news. Obama has repeatedly said he will not go after Bush.  Come on here people. What the fuck? Seriously. There have been a bunch of stories on reddit recently that was news a year ago. Did you read any of his proposed policies? Or did you just listen to his happy speeches?	11
"Composers are composers. They write music. They are neither performers nor 'recording artists'.  Composers who use protools and a keyboard are composers and recording artists, which is a far cry from Brittany Spears or Ashley Simpson."	11
"Or perhaps keep our future going by having kids, in light that kids are the future. Who else to carry on the torch after your gone ? Who else to manage the problems we create for tomorrow ?   Wait, How many of you no kid people are in peta ?"	11
"There's a difference in the girls submitting pictures to Facebook, and publishing them on the internet.  Not 'everyone' can access those pictures on Facebook, just your friends can, and you're not suppose to do this to your friends."	11
"Also, what the heck was the other (guy) cop doing to give them enough time to grapple his colleague and grab her by the throat and why was she the one handling the arrest if there was a risk of being overpowered."	11
"> The student was unarmed, but police would not say whether they thought he posed a threat or what happened during the raid.  Next time my boss asks me about something I fucked up I'm just not going to answer.  Nope, she won't get one word out of me."	11
"In my country, there's something written into our constitution about freedom of association. That is, having a friend who commits a crime doesn't mean you're guilty yourself.   I once befriended a promiscuous young lady. At no point have I had a history of being a promiscuous young lady. I am me and she is she."	10
It's too late... I've sat lurking in the shadows reading posts and not bothering to up/down vote them for too long. Now I'm addicted to up/down voting everything I see. Whenever I click that little arrow this goes through my head: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YnB-ILBTT7c	10
"After a couple of hours of filming the white guy, word finally spreads through the park that there's a TV show being filmed. The cat is out of the bag. People heading in that direction decide to play hero for the sake of the hidden cameras, being on to the ruse.   Then the black guy takes over. "	10
"Asthma, respiratory disorders, heart ailments, and some other health conditions are made worse by smoking. Smokers suffer from atherosclerosis or the blockage of arteries. This constriction leads to cardiovascular diseases."	10
"The Westchester News exposes Suzannah B. Troy Artist, the cyber bully and her friend Louis Flores in NYC!  Read the story about these radial activist hackers located in NYC! http://westchesternews.us/national/National_Press_Release/Entries/2011/7/15_New_York_City_Protesters.html"	10
"Not to mention that behavior like this clearly falls under the category of hypocrisy, which was Jesus least favorite human activity.  In other news, this reminds me of a time when I worked in a restaurant and the owner would always abbreviate Assorted Cookies (one of the dessert items) as ""ass cookies."" Yum."	10
FDR was practically begging Japan and Germany to attack the US so we could get involved in the war. He waged a secret and illegal naval war against Germany in the months preceding Pearl Harbor. He cut off vital supplies to Japan. He also supplied Britain with war materiel. All of these were violations of America's neutrality laws and were impeachable offenses.	10
Those f'ckers have been making Wind Chimes. Lets hope they don't have them stockpiled or we'll have a hell of a job getting inspectors in to oversee their destruction and we'll not get a wink of sleep till we've finished the job.	10
Because the Fed's reason for existing is to manage the nation's money supply. They are by law free from goverment control other then the President nominating the chairman. Once in place the chairman does not answer to the government. His job is to increase or decrease the nation's money supply based on economic conditions.	10
"I can understand not dating a guy with no job. I don't understand not dating a guy bc he makes less than 3 figures.   I'd date a guy as long as he had any job, and going to school if it's a shitty job.  What city was this aired in? "	10
I said will not can at this point of developemnt.  Think of a hybrid between a missle and a UAV thats purpose is to collide with a F-22.  Hell it could emit a short range EMP mid air then desturuct and drop that f-22 like a rock.  No manual control on the F-22.	10
"1) The warranty is from the manufacturer.  e.g. HTC, Motorola, Samsung, etc.  2) Why do people even expect a brand new phone?  If you send in your computer under warranty and you need a new motherboard, they don't give you a new computer.  Same thing for cars and other expensive items.  People think phones are cheap and they aren't.  "	10
The thing about that is what you have really just purchased is a small blender...not bad if you live alone but try preparing an actual meal for a family with it.  I can't speak to if that company scams you or not.	10
"I'm sorry , 18 years is too long for the pittance of $9.9 million.  Over 5 years , and I don't think there is a enough money in the world to go to a maximum security prison for a crime you didn't commit."	10
"It's been said before and it'll be said again -- security has nothing to do with these measures, besides their creating an illusion of it. The whole point is for the state to shift as much money as possible to friendly companies who are sure to remember the favor at election time."	10
"I'd say it's also a fear of breaking something. A lot of people just want simple things configured, tweaked, or setup, but they're too afraid to go flipping through settings because either (A. They don't know what any of it means;    (B. *The magic fairy dust in the device will escape if they mess up."	10
"Also I don't think circling the WBC members is a good idea. It sounds like it could lead to ""holding someone against their will"" (can't remember the specific name of the law, but you get the idea).  A 3/4 circle and getting some large flags (or sheets, plywood, etc.) to block the WBC's view (as well as muffle some of their shouts) would be perfect."	10
"Homosexuality as it is labeled and defined in our current culture did not exist in ancient greek times, so no, Plato was not homosexual per se.  He had a wife, and children, but also took men as lovers.  The idea that the gender you wish to have sex with makes you a different kind of person is a modern idea.       "	10
It *is* a victory.  It's a victory for all the people who made money off this whole debacle at the expense of well-meaning soldiers and countless civilians.  We need to remember that this man has a completely different viewpoint than the average American - he might as well have antennae.	10
"The first situation was an admin, and it sort of sounds like you had it coming...maybe just temporarily was much fairer than a permanent ban though.   The /r/guitar ban is not an admin. That's just a regular user like the rest of us that decided he doesn't want you in his subreddit. Not an admin."	10
"I see two people voted you down, but they'd change their tune if they heard what Carlin had to say about feminism.  I'm too lazy to find it right now, but I know there are redditors out there who know the set of his that I'm talking about."	10
You may want to construct your building at high quality but being as cost effective as it may be possible. So when you decide to purchase your flooring materials you should look for ways to get economical and buy tiles wholesale at bargain prices.	10
"It may have felt good typing that, but it didn't make a shred of sense.   Rape is absolutely rife in the animal kingdom and in no way could be considered a biological aberration. Rape has been documented in insects, beetles, turtles, geese, ducks, elephants and many other species.  I don't understand what you mean by ""evolutionary threat"". Rape evolved for the same reason any other trait evolves."	10
"So, a ""Custodian engineer"" at Park East High School makes $1000/yr more than a senior software engineer with high level clearances at SAIC.  LOL.  Then again a ""Window washer"" makes over $400/yr more than your average software engineer too."	10
"Is it really possible to download Friday the 13th (2009) online for free? The answer is YES. And I'm not referring to the trailers and teasers commonly found on You Tube. I mean the full length, uncut DVD quality prints of Friday the 13th (2009) complete with extra scenes and other bonus material."	10
"I don't have much, but would donate a couple bucks.  I guess every little bit helps.   Would be cool if we got them some decent cash, then the trolls across the street are responsible for helping this little girls family in a roundabout way.  Im sure that would just chap their asses."	10
"every single human being deserves freedom!  real freedom,not just some slogan.   as far as history is concerned,it's probably best to avoid repeating it.   access to information is a great way to start breaking down the walls that divide us!  upvote for liberty!"	10
"Again, by what criteria?  I'm serious here.  Yes, I do find all religions rather weird.  Some I'm curious to know how people justify some religions as ""insanity"" but others as not?  What does it take to become an ""approved"" religion?  Numbers?  Dollars?  Giving fuzzy bunnies to kids?  What?  What's the rational?"	10
"This wasn't a serious post, I know no one will comment or upvote, no one ever does.... so just watch the farkin' video, smile cause its awesome that people can be so passionate about things, and let this reddit cruise to the bottom of the pile.    -Peace"	10
The Japanese never had an imperialist policy until the Meiji Restoration of 1867 when they decided to 'Westernize'. By that time there were plenty of Americans in California and other territories trying to find gold.	10
"I think he knows his mother's financial situation and more important her habits better than anyone. If he is saying that she has a history of irresponsibility then he has every right to criticize her.  No one is saying it's easy to make it in this world, but some people make it more difficult on themselves and their families by making bad choices."	10
"I would loudly moan and squeal with delight as he grabs my crotch.  Loud enough for everyone to hear... But im already thinking id be taken to a back room and questioned over my self, and my possessions.  And then probably fined 10k for being a public nuisance or some such shit."	10
Buy an MP3 player and make your own damn playlist?  The only times I ever hear anybody listen to the radio is when they are borrowing somebody else's car and they don't have their CDs or MP3 player with them.	10
"My money is still on Bear Grylls.  At least the man can feed himself in the wild (i.e. kill, cook, and eat animals).  Les Stroud just starves himself for a week, making him extra exhausted, bitchy and complain-y.  I am impressed that he does all his own camera work, but his ""surviving"" is not really sustainable.  He'd die if he had to do it for longer than a couple of weeks."	10
"Our parents went without many things that people today feel are must haves. We did not have cable tv, two cars, nice vacations, dinners at restaurants, etc. Also the kids cut the grass, painted the house and so on. It some ways ""chores"" were a time that the family spent together and talked while they worked."	10
You and all the rest keep believing that. Taking back our country means putting the power back in the hands of the people. Get the money out of politics and remove the power brokers from controling Washington. Isn't that what we all want?	10
"Surround yourself with friends and keep yourself busy. I think it helps to do some sort of project/dive into some new hobby. It keeps your brain occupied. DO NOT, under any circumstances, watch sex and the city or any sort of lovey dovey romance movie. Very counterproductive. "	10
"Politics shouldn't be entertaining. It should be boring as hell. ""OK, what are we going to do with the $1000 we have to spend this year, fellow members of the federal government? Don't forget, we have to follow that whole 'Constitution' thing."""	10
"Let's just hope that this doesn't precipitate the rise to power of the Muslim Brotherhood and another fundamentalist theocracy similar to what happened in Iran when the sha of Iran was overthrown.  Remember that protests and demonstrations do not automatically lead to liberal governments, especially in the middle east."	10
"Just a question, considering you know nothing of this persons financial ability to donate from the fact that he asked for you number, how can you really justify taking 10 dollars from someone and giving it away?  Obviously stealing for charity is better than stealing for selfish reasons but these are people too and you don't know if they have the money to give."	10
"6) People who hate CFLs because, despite all the hype, they burn out at least as often as regular incandescents. I have like two dozen burnt-out CFLs waiting for me to figure out how to properly dispose of them..."	10
The Digg Patriots kind of did on Digg.  (This guy probably trained a few of their leaders).  Edit:  Also note how most of the folks in that room are older - may have more time to play his type of games.	10
"I'll have to send him a mental message about how it's all his fault. I've been practicing my psychicness all day. I got excited when I got some paper to move, but then I realized it was probably my breath. Probably..."	10
"> which means that any Israelis that boarded them are pirates  No. Not according to the definition in international law which clearly states that piracy is an act to private ends from a private vessel.  **edit:** that's sad. I get downvoted for presenting facts. Here read it yourself (Part VII, Article 101) http://www.un.org/Depts/los/convention_agreements/texts/unclos/closindx.htm"	10
"I agree, and I share the same thoughts. I made this post because  I put my gripes behind me for a day and decided to thank the people that research and come up with some of these things that have made a difference. Yeah the market and the politics are totally F'd but isn't it amazing how far we have come in the last 100 years.  Thanks for sharing Cap'n!"	10
True. But that's only because they're outside the foxhole trying to fight the enemy. While you're inside the foxhole praying and accomplishing nothing.   Before people down vote me... I'm sick of that phrase... and it was high time someone said something about it.	10
"Do you even know what Dr. Paul means when he talks about individual liberties?  He means it doesn't matter which group  of people you belong to white, black, green or whatever, your personal liberties are the most important possession one can have.  How is that racist?"	10
"We do pay many taxes as do citizens in other countries. But in the United States of America the money goes first to support hundreds of military bases, soldiers, and wars all over the world. This culture is self-perpetuating because a poorly educated and underemployed populace produces more people willing to become soldiers.   (sigh)"	10
"Thankfully, the environment seems to be a major concern of the Obama people, and they have moved swiftly to change the country's trajectory after 8 years of criminal neglect. Shockingly, it now appears that the Bush Administration kept secret military photos of the devastating impact of global warming in the Arctic."	10
"I bet the government will let the restored clock rust in place just like the old one.   Poor administrator, he doesn't deserve to get fired unless he is the guy who let the clock rust up in the first place."	10
in-person is always better.  Also you might want to use various employment reddits: http://www.reddit.com/r/forhire+work+jobs+resumes+freelance+jobbit  or even askreddit: http://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/  instead of reddit.com	10
No I haven't. Free speech is a right in the US constitution. Just don't be surprised if you have to suffer consequences of what you say. Would you expect to keep your employment if you swear and used racial slurs constantly?  Freedom of speech isn't freedom of responsibility for your actions.	10
"I'm with Acanac, they don't throttle my downloads and provided me with a work around to Bell's throttling (they are a reseller of Bell).  A friend was with Cogeco and was given notice by RIAA.  Cogeco told RIAA to get stuffed (no authority in Canada) and sent a letter asking my friend to please stop downloading movies."	10
"very well thought-out and written. needs to be updated with information on grandcentral  edit: why is this being downmodded? grandcentral exists specifically to solve the problem of being too poor to have a telephone, yet relying on a number in order to get a job."	10
">why isn't climate change a suitable superordinate goal?   Because there are too many people profiting from denying climate change, and because it threatens the hard held beliefs of a lot of people to even discuss it rationally. "	10
"People who try to manipulate others eventually end up surrounded by idiots. Intelligent people leave you sooner or later. It is better to be part of an intelligent democratically run team than a manipulative king of idiots. More fun, anyway. "	10
">I could even say hating America is Canada's cuddly teddy bear.   Yes it is. For many of us, the US exemplifies exactly what *we do not want to be*. For all our similarities, we look to Europe for far better social and political models.  "	10
"Depending on how big the store is, upper management allots a certain amount of hours. The average store has about 50 employees...4 of which are managers. How many work per day is subject to availability. There are more people working during the Holiday season."	10
"Persecution is still persecution no matter the degree. While the persecution of an atheist may not compare to your friend's family's trials, it is still persecution, nonetheless.   And, I would argue, allowing the sort of persecution that Atheists are subject to inevitably leads to the sort of persecution that your friend's family suffered."	10
"The only reason I can see that would be legitimate is if the material was sufficiently aerodynamic to give her a competitive advantage, and they didn't want a tracksuit arms race.  But that doesn't sound like what happened here."	10
"I've begun to implement a 5 minute rule whenever I feel myself responding emotionally to a particular post or comment.  That emotional response can easily make me sound like a dick, and I don't like that.  The 5 minute break before commenting either calms me down and makes me more level headed in my response, or I get over it and move on without commenting."	10
"If the stripper comes to your place or you buy a bottle of champagne or any type of private dance, tip maybe fifteen-twenty percent.  If you're at the strip club, make her work for every single dollar unless you buy a six pack and she comes over topless.  Then tip a few dollars.  Public lap dances, i've never tipped.  Not for stage dances either."	10
"Have you ever experienced Socialized medicine? I have, and its as good as, if not better than, any care I've received in the US. Everyone involved was more concerned about solving my problem than billing me, for a start."	10
"Wow, whoever said the parks were all bad apparently has never been to a state park before. Why elminiate 1/10 of 1 percent of the deficit that benefits 80 million people a year and brings back more money than it takes out? Seriously.        "	10
"All this is free, and I have to pay $20 for a note confirming that I'm sick. I'm not the one to whine, $20 is nothing compared to what our southern neighbours give, but ... why do I need to pay those $20?"	10
"Yeah:  >As well as staving off further environmental damage, they have saved more than 651 million tonnes of coal, which will be mined to fuel the Chinese economic and industrial juggernaut.  So they helped the environment by preventing coal from being burned, so that they can burn the coal?"	10
">That, and the fact that you kept arguing with a nutjob  I know man, you're not the first one who told me this. In fact during all this my friends (both female and male) told me the same thing - ""you arguing with nut case and waisting your energy"" I wished I listened"	10
"You can! Just make a reddit post asking someone to buy you pizza! When they see that you are a long time member with mucho karma, they'll gladly buy you a couple deep dishes and even make a post about it...Whoa, I just got this weird feeling of *deja vu*."	10
"Sativa is not useless for smoking!  Hemp is a sativa breed for its fibers with very little thc.  That much is true, but that doesnt mean all sativas dont have thc.  The best sativas for smoking have way more thc than the best indicas.  Indicas are higher in other cannibinoids (like cbd that makes you feel tired) but sativas tend to be higher in thc.(which is more of a rush / head high)"	10
As a Canadian the whole system just boggles my mind.  I can't picture a place where getting hit by a car could cost you your house.  I'll pitch 50 bucks from my (meager) pay for the guy down the street to get chemo.	10
"every time someone posts this picture, i say the same thing: people who don't watch jersey shore are missing out, big time. Even if just from an anthropological point of view, these are human beings, and this is their culture. It's amazing we live on the same planet, much less in the same country."	10
"what do these man?  B9BEC404, 2B7 D612E 3FFFAE 2326756K11771!! I SEE YOU. Your time has come, your time has come, YOUR TIME HAS COME! . .. . ..., . .. . ..., : :: : :::! GODSPEEDGODSPEEDGODSPEEDGODSPEEDGODSPEEDGODSPEEDGODSPEEDGODSPEEDGODSPEEDGODSPEEDGODSPEED1337-92GODSPEED You have been warned. (0010101). end end end."	10
"She's an inspiration because it shows that women do not have to be subjected to being treated as objects for mens lust and if attacked can defend themselves without help.  Yes, it's bloody and terrible, but sometimes change is bloody and terrible."	10
"You shouldn't really, but there is a difference between Wal-Mart, Bank of America, and Starbucks vs. the local Mom &amp; Pop corner store.   It has nothing to with who is trying to screw somebody other. I think stealing is wrong because I don't want people taking my shit. The way I see it, most peowilling to steal won't see the difference."	10
Hopefully you will stress that to your students. I think people sign up for loans of that sort because they don't understand what they are doing when they do it. The transition from minor to adult is awkward and not the same for anyone. If only I got a pamphlet instead of relying on my parents teaching me. I'd say most people in college aren't ready to be adults.	10
"Don't know why you were downvoted for being right about everything.  Just re-joined reddit and the community seems to have lost much of their capacity for impartial, rational thought.  Case in point: all the other responses to this parent comment."	10
"You're right.  I am an IT guy, I wasn't arguing that they aren't necessary, just that it is a lot harder to justify yourself since you come off as a cost in the books.  It's much easier to say ""I billed 50,000 to clients last month"" or ""I sold a $300 widget yesterday"" than to say ""I prevented a catastrophic server crash that might have happened had I not been around"""	10
"Good story.  : )  But in like circumstances for others, it may well had led to a life quite different.  I was spanked unjustly, but I ended up with a degree in Psychology, and a Masters in Church Administration, and I am beginning on my Masters in Astronomy.  For the loaded prisons:  There but for the grace of God go I."	10
It has nothing to do with their size.  Most gyms royally fuck people over regardless of size.  Because of that the few good gyms are straight month to month in order to not be associated with the scammers.	10
"Thank you for doing the right thing!!  My faith in humanity was restored last week when I nearly left my wallet on a seat in the subway, but a guy saw it and got my attention as I was getting off the train. He could have easily just taken it! Thanks, guy!"	10
"I don't think he understands what irony is - and I guess that is an irony in itself.  >Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe’s 2005 state of the nation address, in which he promised to remedy his country’s chronic electricity shortages, was blacked out by a power failure.  That isn't irony, it is proof."	10
"If the cop was smart, this is exactly what he would have done. Taser her repeatedly for 5 minutes to get his revenge, then claimed that nothing happened. All you'll see is 2 little pin pricks. The physical beating she got is proof that something happened. It is hard to believe that she wouldn't win a civil suit against the officer."	10
"no one knows who launched it.  Why? Because you called up the MoD with that phone number you found on their website, and upon asking them ""did you fire a missile last night"" they answered ""nope..not us"" ?"	10
"I'm not sure why you're concerned about ""lying"" to a database.  >Actually, your asserion is not even true.  I don't see how what you said contradicts what I said. What other than content does the toggle influence?"	10
"When in doubt, treat her like a little sister.  Nice, interested, teasing a little, but not attached to everything she says, and certainly not threatened. .  (you can drop the sister act when you fuck her, that's when you treat her like your mother (kidding))  Trick your mind into not giving a shit whether they are hot.  Women can sense fear and lust very easily.  "	10
"The problem is that most people would become focused on the issue, and then they would be more focused on public unions. This is a problem because they are a massive liability in many states- their pensions and benefits are likely going to ruin a lot of budgets. The President doesn't want this."	10
"You're neither.  You're a Corporation, governed only by the the CEO's.  If this wasn't true, business lobbyists would not hold sway, the MIC wouldn't be a major contributor to your GDP, and wars would not be fought merely for the acquisition of cheap (or free) raw materials."	10
"That's not correct. ""Brioche,"" which is the term she used, is not white bread, but yellow. See ""brioche"" in wikipedia.  Raldi below has it closer to correct.  Side note: Whether Marie Antoinette actually made the comment is a matter of some debate."	10
"Or...      Unless you're qualified, just call an ambulance &amp; wait for them to show up.      If you start 'helping' someone with a spinal injury, you'll likely do more damage than good. Oh &amp; you may get sued as well."	10
"If the US determines they are in some way our enemy or you indirectly gave it to a known US enemy,  or if they feel like it, it would constitute treason. I don't really have much faith in the government, though."	10
The advent of data mining (hot and big in the SF Bay Area) will have an impact on lawyers and doctors as computers wil be able to handle common tasks that now take human analysis and take them away from these professionals.	10
"Been there, done that. Very large men are, in the average, not as fast. True, one punch will KO you, but if you can move around, you might have some advantage.  Also, do not go against trained fighters. "	10
"the bosses in retail are often employed on experience, not really on previous employment or suitability, so they might be bad, but those above would never know, if the shop performs badly the boss will blame it on a million other things, the employees are literally the only people who can feed back on their performance. the people who employed him/her will never see him/her working."	10
"My advice? Fight any ticket you get, I've been told this by numerous police officers, fight any and every ticket, even if you are 100% in the wrong, many times the judge will either wave the fine or reduce the charge."	10
"Only if you judge it on the basis of its stated goals.  It made a lot of people rich, put a lot of kids and poor people in jail, and increased the power of the state. Perhaps those were the real goals."	10
This was my favorite from the forum:  > I will never understand how people that have a gun or a taser pointed in their face can keep arguing thinking that nothing will happen...  This man truely believes that the reason he is carying weapons is so that he can force people do what he tells them to. He also apparently believes that shooting someone is the proper way to settle an argument.	10
"You're the one asserting it so the burden of proof is on you. He originally wasn't much of a frontman for Wikileaks but people started saying things as ""the spokesman"" of Wikileaks so he had to step up to the centre. For me this explains more than enough his behaviour."	10
"I used to get like 2 calls a day, the reps would just hang up on me if I asked for a company name, callback number or to be removed from the list. I started reporting them to the FCC on every call and now I only get spammed by them once a week or so.  tl;dr, report those assholes to the FCC and they will eventually get fined out of existence: http://esupport.fcc.gov/complaints.htm"	10
"To each their own. Sorry, I wasn't ragging on you for liking it.  During that time, corporate music was hated. Underground is where it was at. Nirvana made my favourite music hard to listen to because they became trendy and killed the scene.  I was a pre-hipster."	10
I wonder what the police would think of protestors keeping the names and photos of officers known for violence against demonstrators and giving those photos out but refusing to discuss with the police who was on that list.	10
"I have managed to get to a point (after working in a morgue) where handling dead people is no different to me than handling slabs of beef when cooking. There is no spark of life in it so it's just ... meat, really. I think (I can't be sure until it happens) I would get joy from seeing the hungry birds fill their stomachs."	10
Happened to Slashdot before them. Anyone remember when /. wasn't an ajaxy mess that actively prevented you from following comment threads?  So how long do we have before Reddit becomes a cesspool? And after that Hacker News?	10
"In a way it is, but it could also be argued from a practical and objective standpoint. Watch this debate between Christopher Hitchens and George Galloway. When Galloway starts screaming and Hitchens keeps his cool, you can tell who has greater emotional fortitude and as a result Galloway comes off looking like a blubbering retard."	10
It has nothing to do with an inability to do something or desire. It's distraction. People care more about the next episode of Lost and Inside Edition than they do about fixing the government. Apathy + ADHD = USA.	10
"I think because it's not much of a surprise to anyone. And considering that it's a relatively small organization, without any government financing, there's not a whole lot people can do. Also, considering the demographic of reddit, I believe we are already boycotting christian camps. So...it doesn't actually affect us at all."	10
"If we got freaked out by every possible exploit, we'd never get on the internet. If you want to be REALLY scared just scan this. It's the US-CERT bulletin for last week. It comes out EVERY week with new critical issues."	10
"DO NOT CHANGE TITLE!!! Whether it is a house, stock, car, or cash, one of the best ways to protect separate property is to not change title on the asset!! Do not add your spouse’s name to the deed, title or bank account. If you want your spouse to inherit any of your separate property assets you can accomplish that goal in many ways without changing title. "	10
"Try getting some perspective, join the Peace Corps or something, get outside your box, get your eyes opened; if you still decide life isn't worth living there are plenty of interesting ways to kill yourself.  Try not to lead a boring life; if you pursue security you are a fool."	10
"The court is not the cops domain. It's the judge's.  A judge can rule you in contempt of court for disobeying the rules. At that point there is no one ""scared"" of a few questions. They just arrest you. In Orange County this could mean up to 120 hours in jail or community service.  "	10
"Someone answered that the last time it was on Reddit (about, ooh, yesterday).  I can't be bothered to find the exact answer with links and stuff but the gist was: It's a symbol commonly used in weather reports in Japanese newspapers. There's a lot of symbols commonly used in news print which have gotten included in the unicode standard in order to simplify the digitisation of newspapers."	10
"What the CRTC probably should've done was to say that any service provider who also has a parent/sister/associated company that is in the business of providing content (ie: any form of media, television, radio, print, online, etc.) may not charge resellers more than 5-15% over their own bulk bandwidth pricing."	10
"Regardless of how much the car cost, somebody at NBC must be going apoplectic over the use of 'Satisfaction'. Point in case, tonight in Australia they inexplicably aired a repeat of last week's show with Gervais instead of airing the latest episode. I'll be interested to find out whether that was the decision of our local broadcaster or the suits at NBC decided to pull worldwide syndication."	10
"Can you buy reddit and have it run by the right people so that I can say ""Fuck you Sears"", without being concerned about getting it deleted by the powers that be; because Sears whined like a little bitch?  Thanks."	10
"i personally define hippy as an idiot who thinks his voice matters because 'he knows the truth' or some stupid shit. this sense of knowledge is usually pot-induced, but it can be brought about by a large number of things."	10
"Well the point is that if things were to go to court about AT&amp;T restricting what it sold as ""unlimited"" plans, this would be something they could use.     ""See judge, if we don't put restrictions on the network people will pull stunts like this and it could bring down entire wireless networks.""  All it does is prove that AT&amp;T has to do what it is proposing."	10
"You mean she's the type of person that could kill people for a living?  I don't condone what they did at Abu grahb, I think it's dispicable, but these are soldiers we're talking about.  Not a lot of soldiers actually hold the ideals they are supposed to protect and represent.  I think she deserves time in the pound but it feels kind of like blaming the dog for the master's farts."	10
"The sun chips people have a sign near their chips about ""the bag sounds loud but it's greener"" and I had to think, ""there's no fucking way anyone could complain about a louder chip bag, they're all loud to begin with."" I stand corrected."	10
"He didn't say his coworkers were scientists.. geologists can be consultants, which is kind of the impression that I formed.. and probably somewhat hastily, but it is a very common career for geologists.  Yes I am aware of how science works.  Thanks."	10
just imagine yourself in an accident each time you remember you're not wearing the seatbelt whilst driving.  I had a minor accident a long time ago when seatbelts weren't yet mandatory. If I had it on I would have saved myself nasty lacerations to my face… nowadays I feel exposed if I'm not wearing it	10
"The fact that he concealed it only means he didn't want to hurt your feelings by taking your (not so special lady to you) woman. At least they didn't start doing the ""obviously hiding something whistle""...or did they?   This is something that MAY be hard to do but: Talk to him ! I know that sounds strange but how will you know why he did it unless you talk to him?!?    "	10
"As far as I can tell, your voting record has zilch to do with the front page.  In fact, sometimes it seems completely random.    The other day, my #1 story had no votes AND no comments.  How the fuck does that happen?"	10
"When they didn't abuse power?!?  Checks &amp; balances, not just photo ops, are what is needed.  Unfortunately a two-party exclusive system favors the latter due to polarization.  It's almost as bad as a machine town, albeit more competitive."	9
"Weeelllllll.... depends on what parts of the Bible you choose to believe, there. Jesus also ""specifically"" said he didn't come to replace the law, i.e. Old Testament in modern terminology. But there's different ways to interpret things."	9
"I don't mind a little bit coming through to non-politics reddit - I don't want to necessarily remove *all* politics from my internets, and when I feel like taking a trip down crazy street I'll click on the Politics subreddit (although I can only take about 5min at a time)."	9
"Please read the following report on wasteful spending  the fact that it was written by Republicans doesn't make it any less true. I'm not a fan of the Republicans either, but Democrats are just as guilty, passing off these wasteful pork projects as a ""jobs"" bill..."	9
"I agree, reposts are part of life. I have no real problem with reposts (unless page 1 posts are reposted the same week, which is suspect behaviour) and I only said you were a hypocritical reposter because of your (even slight) reposting history in the face of your (seemingly) brazen reposter call-outs. Haha"	9
"As I see it, it's because the iPad is ready whenever you need it. No waiting, no boot up, no wake-up, no nothing. Slide and it's ready.  And the UI+UX is a hundred times better for this form-factor than windows XP (I assume)."	9
"I mean, don't get me wrong, 4chan did some good things in that time, like taking down Hal Turner, and the Habbo stuff was funny if childish, but still, I would think Anon being linked to standing up for freedom of information is a better thing to be proud to be linked with than what 4chan had been known for previously. "	9
"Why don't more countries do these means-tested fines? Otherwise a fine of £50,000 could be twice the annual wage of a regular person or half the weekly wage of a wanker footballer - not proportional at all."	9
"It's the selfish gene, not the selfish person - we evolved the concept of cuteness around what babies look like, babies didn't evolve their looks to match what we perceive as cute. If you protect your babies, your genes survive longer."	9
"The adolescent period is nerve-racking for both parents as well as teens. Teens experience a number of developmental adjustments including biological, emotional, communal, and cognitive changes in their journey to becoming mature adults."	9
"I'm sorry. I am just upset with all these Reddit is turning into 4-chan posts, or reddit isn't as good as it use to be posts. Reddit and popurls are the two best sites on the net. You got to stand up for whet you believe in. "	9
"Java updater is MUCH worse. It gives the option to remind in you 5 minutes, 30 minutes or 3 days but it always reminds you in 5 minutes until you wonder why you even HAVE Java on your computer in the first place."	9
"The reason poor can't afford houses is that they could for quite a long time. If you wait a while, prices will fall, and those poor who didn't get massive loans to get McMansions will be able to buy a house."	9
"You have the responsibility as a teacher of saying and defending what you believe is right. Just like a professor should have stood up for civil rights in the south against popular opinion, he should stand up and educate his students based on his convictions about what will best serve them in life.  "	9
"I don't think this has to do with education so much as the fact that, outside of Austin, DFW, and San Antonio, there is nothing to do in Texas.  There's plenty of people that had graduating classes with half the girls pregnant simply because they got bored with going to Wal Mart.  Also, the spending was a total, not a per capita.  Perhaps the large population has something to do with that?"	9
"It seems perhaps some new Redditors think downvoting is like the imaginary ""Unlike"" on Facebook; fail to comprehend that upvoting unpleasant stories is a good thing when it gets them on the front page."	9
"Wine is nice (when it works), but it isn't self-explanatory, particularly for someone who has never used Linux and has never heard of it. She would need the initial step of having it installed for her. I'm ruling out the possibility that she might have discovered it on her own on the basis that she's a moron."	9
Are you thinking to celebrate silver jubilee of your marriage anniversary? Thinking to call all your friends and family members in the party? Appointing cater is the best approach to handle all other preparation and with that you can enjoy the party in your budget.	9
"I'm not a cartoonist by any means, and honestly, I don't get the joke, even though I follow politics pretty closely (maybe I'm reading too much into the cartoon, or not enough), but keep producing.  That's the general advice for any creative endeavor.  you'll create some stinkers (no pun intended), but if you keep practicing, you'll start to learn what works and what doesn't."	9
"  I really never looked at others, though I think you must have done something to get that much.  I just looked at mine from time to time and felt good about it.  And again, it kept me more polite.     Not that I want to be a troll, but I have already said something I would not have before.  I think overall there is a loss, but it the slight extra sense of freedom, felt good."	9
"Analytically (website usage wise) it is a great way to measure engagement of a user which can then be used to sell advertising that allows the outlet to even offer the content, that you have the choice to read or not, in the first place."	9
"Hey, that's not fair. I disagree with the LDS stance on gay rights, but there are mormons who are perfectly decent, kind, caring people. You shouldn't sweep an entire group under the rug because some of them sweep an entire group of people under the rug."	9
"Sadly, as the player-base has become more and more clueful, it's rarer and rarer to ""find a great spot to build a gun turret and laugh manically as its kill-counter enters double-figures."" If the other team is any good, they'll either take it out or avoid it."	9
"Here's the short version: UN resolution 242 recognizes the ""inadmissability of the acquisition of territory by war"".  But according to Israel that doesn't apply to them and they've never agreed to terms which would establish the pre-1967 borders.  Palestine and Syria want their land back, which is understandable, especially since 242 was adopted unanimously.      "	9
"How about me?  I could go through the editorials of my local paper, the News Gazette, or probably any other papers in affected areas. But if you need a citation, then you don't care enough to be paying attention, in which case my citations aren't going to make much of a difference."	9
"I doubt you'd even torrent Rebecca Black though.  I agree with you, and in fact I pirate myself. I was playing devil's advocate mostly.  There is definitely a case to be made though that piracy reduces the incentives to create intellectual property. It seems to me that it would be more applicable to games and such though."	9
"He's not saying to get rid of karma, he's saying that karma for users should be removed; you can still upvote/downvote a post, and make it go to the front page, but the user doesn't have a karma count on his page."	9
"It's legal here in New Zealand. I found it quite strange, coming from the UK, but there are 'gentlemens clubs' all over the place and it largely takes a problem off the streets. The girls have regular health checks, have a safe working environment and the govt makes a few dollars off the income tax.  I'm all for it, it makes sense. Cannabis is still illegal here though, which I find pathetic. "	9
"I just don't understand people who are rude to food servers/waiters/waitresses...I always make it a point to be friendly, be courteous and leave my server a decent tip to show them that I appreciate them"	9
"I never said I find those things particularly funny, but I'm not going to get angry at someone who does. If they enjoy it, good on them.  Also, Rickroll and Chuck Norris did die due to excessive saturation, but they were a different kind of meme to the Zombie one (one generally only dresses up as a Zombie around Halloween, which helps prevent people growing sick of it).  "	9
"The recruiter will lie about anything and everything, so a potential recruit must be careful that everything's in writing. In the standard soldier contract the recruit agrees to possibly remain active during all of wartime. We have continuous war now, so bottom line is that joining the military is a very bad deal."	9
">(To be fair, this was 1988)  My parents were married in '86, but I could definitely see that being an issue before the mid-90's. If you're being truthful (got no reason to doubt you anyway - I've seen far worse) then I am just a little more frustrated with how Catholicism is not as universal as people would have me believe. :l"	9
"Reddit has a significant population of programmers; people whose job it is to notice the slightest flaw in code. This skill tends to bleed over into spelling and grammar analysis. Therefore, please enjoy the logic you will receive from this site, and pardon the 'pedantry'."	9
"I was hit by a car in Portugal once. I was on the phone calling a taxi and a car backed into me. The driver ended up giving us a ride, so a taxi wasn't necessary. She was the worst driver, though. I felt more in danger riding with her than the actual moment when I got hit."	9
"That is not advanced algebra. That is just elementary algebra that most people learn in middle school.  Advanced algebra, also known as abstract algebra, is very different. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Abstract_algebra"	9
"Yeah, if he actually does something shitty in the future, I'll be ripping on him just as much as anyone else, but that whole COICA thing was basically a bunch of cases of people failing to read things properly and then shouting their misunderstandings loudly.  "	9
"The Ultimate “Do or Die” Business Plan Template Set will ensure that your business plan does not have serious holes, and is designed to force you to not only think, but think like a “seasoned investor and manager” so that you are ready and your business plan answers fundamental questions to prove that your venture is Viable."	9
"90% of Native English speakers?  I highly doubt that claim.    Also, a lot of people pronounce the word aunt such that it rhymes with ""haunt""; that's not illiteracy, it's just pronunciation (and a more correct one, at that).  Anyways, stupid complaints aside, it was great.  English sure is weird."	9
"Alive, confined to bed and unable to do much, had a changed of heart and left the movement, whatever. It's hard to believe he is still active at this point. If he was, why would they need to keep faking his video appearances?"	9
One thing I have found annoying is without the commercials.... half hour shows end way too quickly. I like to eat a good meal while I watch a show and the show often ends up ending before I finish my meal. Very annoying.  One hour shows are ok though.	9
"This is a fucking awesome idea. More companies/restaurants should try it if it's a success for this one.  Of course, you have to put faith in humanity. Which, isn't very high for most people. Still... an equilibrium where no one is turned away and gets decent meals is an awesome idea. Kudo's to Panera for attempting this."	9
"Here is where the US has mended fences over the years.  We send food aid, drinking water and shelter.  The affected government may not like it in the end but the people never forget.  America does better at this sort of thing than it ever does making war.  "	9
"For your sake I hope it's just a silly habit and not like doing that. In schools it's used as a easy way to find the kids who might have some learning disorders, or just some reading trouble. You can't really read at a normal speed doing that, and most people don't have that much trouble finding their spots."	9
"I really think that the whole Santa Claus thing is is the way that our culture unconsciously deals with the fear of loss of religion.  It can't deal with the issue consciously, so it deals with it by symbolically losing the innocence of Santa, the Easter Bunny, and the Tooth Fairy  "	9
"Most quality language courses teach you the ""standard"" form of the language.  The ""standard"" form of the language is the ""power"", or profitable, version of the language, what people speak in universities and offices, not the streetcorner or bar.  Which is, after all, what most people want if they're going to invest hundreds of hours of study into something."	9
"I really dont understand this.  Surely, cluster bombs are used when their is no hope for diplomacy, in a time of war. Signing this treaty means their is hope for diplomacy, (by banning cluster bombs they are being diplomatic).  "	9
"I'm the owner of the tumblelog, This Guy Has My MacBook, and the one whose MacBook was stolen. All I can say is that it's not a marketing stunt, and I'm not collaborating with Hidden in any way. I'm simply mentioning Hidden because it's the only reason the tumblelog is possible."	9
"It drives me up a wall going on vacations with my mom - we go see beautiful scenery or buildings, and I'd like to take a picture of the actual place, yet she insists on sending me to stand and smile in front of whatever statue/building/landscape she wants a picture of. I don't see the point. It cheapens the picture, and it's not like we need PROOF we were there. "	9
"The little guy finds it hard to erase all debts in bankruptcies, but business is able to walk away from debts much easier, which shows how business is treated differently than consumers in the economic downturn. "	9
"Dunnys are limited edition vinyl toys distributed by Kid Robot that are customized by (usually) graffiti artists. They are sold in blind boxes, so you do not know ahead of time which one you are going to get.   here is most of my collection"	9
"Don't bother apologizing, you've got some people thinking about changing careers and moving their lives in a new direction.  Hell even I've thought about getting into the wind power industry.  Pictures of you sitting at home with your cat which happens to be making a derpy face on the other hand..."	9
"Agreed. I have a friend getting married soon. Him and his wife-to-be have meager salaries, both are in debt, and he is likely to lose his job soon.  However, their parents are spending over $20,000 (which the parents likely can't afford) on the one day wedding. If they really want the marriage to start off right, they could save that money and stabilize their finances. "	9
"Ahh, the difference that ignorance makes!  The man is dressed like and has the traditional top-knot of a Buddhist or Hindu monk.  They are indeed beggars; they are ascetics, and a bowl, their robes, beads, and staff are typically their only possessions.  He is prostrate in veneration before a statue of Gautama Buddha."	9
">Their resting spot is not likely to be awarded any stars by the Michelin Guide, but it offers something the Fohts think is better: stars in an inky firmament directly overhead and obscured only by a screen of twigs and leaves.  ...and a horrendous amount of light pollution. Seriously, how many stars can be seen from Central Park at night, even on a clear night?"	9
"I love a good buddy comedy. The Hangover was awesome. The Goods, decent. Role Models hilarious at points. Observe and Report blisteringly good.  I just hate having an awesome film interrupted by a male sexual assault scene we're supposed to find funny."	9
"Does the program provide counseling to help you change your eating activity and personal habits? The program should teach you how to change permanently those eating habits and lifestyle factors, such as lack of physical activity, that have contributed to your weight gain. Of all of the strategies you can use to successfully lose weight, this one concept is, perhaps, the most important.  "	9
"Short summary:  * There's numerous sources of evidence that argue strongly for the fact that tectonic subduction occurs.  (That doesn't rule out the expanding Earth theory, because subduction and expanding Earth could possibly co-exist.  However:)  * There's no semi-believable mechanism proposed for how the Earth could expand in size."	9
"I just watched this earlier, not being from america the only thing I know about Detroit is that I've seen plenty of pictures of the train station and Robocop was set there. This 3 part Doc is inspirational, it looks like an amazing canvas, if I had the cash I'd be interested in visiting the place."	9
"That said, he needs his writers back far worse than other comic shows.  Also, his recent HBO episode where he was declaring pharmaceuticals/drugs to all be poison was a little unsettling.  Though, I have a feeling THC wouldn't have made that list. "	9
"Yes, because he shouldn't have sued them over it in the first place. I'm really sorry it happened and its really terrible that it happened, but you have to look at the bigger picture: Should you be able to sue someone and face them to pay for defense if they win? This is a larger problem. How many people give up such lawsuits because of a lack of funding?"	9
"I don't think it was the fact that you bought it on Earth Day so much as what you bought.  >Fuck saving money now  There's a good chance you aren't actually saving any money, but I assume you did the numbers and they work out for you."	9
"I mean, my thinking is, maybe I submit a form, then just click a random link on the page that comes up. Why does it have to RESUBMIT all that form data just to revert to the previous page?  If I middle-clicked on the link and it opened in a new tab, I could close the tab and therefore ""go back"" without getting a dialog box interrupting my browsing. Why not here?"	9
"Sometimes martyrdom is required to change the world.  It almost seems that Assange has accepted that will be his fate.  Don't get me wrong, I wish him no ill will and I applaud his efforts at trying to make a better world by removing the veil of political secrecy.  I just foresee this ending very poorly for him in the short term, but ending great for humanity in the long term."	9
"I think most people have a ""dominant"" eye and the brain would filter out the conflicting information. Especially if you could view it from a far enough distance that the difference between each eye's perception was minimized.  There's probably techie talk for all this but my psychology Sensation &amp; Perception class days are long behind me."	9
"With all the dozens of World War II FPS games out there, you'd think some jackass would have included this thing in one by now.  Taking down a giant walking tank is about as epic as dragon-slaying: that's why it was in Empire Strikes Back.  "	9
"I actually saw a guy who was personally told to shut off his phone, then the flight attendants came on and said ""make sure your phones are actually *off* instead of in airplane mode"", which I had never heard before - the guy started making another call as soon as the flight attendant turned her back. :-|  So yes, they can tell when you're using a cell phone."	9
"Ha! Ill assume its a joke - in any case;  In theater and on many production sets people have to wear or be shrouded in black in order to avoid affecting the lighting, appearing in reflections or drawing attention in whichever way.  going to miss diffused monitor surfaces."	9
"Surprise. Especially considering his field of study, he would have been very aware of inbreeding. Did he think that his blood line was too pure to split or something?  Three of his children died (two during infancy) causing him to really focus his studies on the topic."	9
"That would be outrageous if true, but it looks to me like the rest of the site pictures families including the father. Sickeningly cheesy, squeaky clean families, true enough, but still ones with dads."	9
Does this mean that Wave was a failure? Google could have done this a long time ago but it appeared that they wanted to go down their own road and deliver something new. Now it looks like they are backtracking.	9
"Then why are you even replying here? You don't want to have a discussion about it, so you make comments on a submission where a person ask for clarification on something?  All i'm asking is how it's different, you don't have to be a dick about it."	9
"WHY? I only have 4 programs in my quick launch bar, and if I ever have more than that I close them. If I haven't used any of the 3 instant messengers I use in a few hours I close it.  I'm curious, if you never close anything.. What does your desktop look like? Full, I assume?"	9
"I agree it was kind of sketchy, but my coworker showed it to me and I just liked some of them so much.  Like “Love is when a girl puts on perfume and a boy puts on shaving cologne and they go out and smell each other,"" I feel like I've heard somewhere before."	9
"That's a fantastic article. Yes, I definitely agree with you. It seems that most of his predictions were crap. I'm definitely a skeptic, but I was just curious what the people of Reddit thought of him."	9
"It's insane how much your cat resembles my cat, Archie. He also sheds shit ton of hair everywhere. Here's a cool lifehack that will save you tons of money: damp latex gloves work exceedingly well in removing cat hair from pretty much anything. And it costs next to nothing and completely reusable. "	9
"A little paranoia never hurt anyone, and an ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure :) I have not had an infection of an kind in years, however i am fairly proactive in defense of my home network, and a little more paranoid at work (we run XP on many machines still and the corp Antivirus is craptacular)"	9
He does bring up the Three Kingdom Period in Korea towards the end of the article. He's saying that there's a disagreement over who influenced who.   I don't see how bringing up the Three Kingdom Period of Korea counters your second quote.	9
">Did you know that not long ago, maybe 20 years, Brazilian police in one of the big cities were killing the street children?    Yes, I remember that.  I'm a news junkie.  And that is why I cap locked 'shocking video'.  You don't need to watch it.  The good news is after reading the story, the kid survived.  After being shot 4 or 5 times in the chest *and* the police were arrested and convicted."	9
"Hey may have been agnostic, but its who you hang out with that matters.  There are more than a few people who fight for Al Qaeda that are in it simply for the money, or for straightforward political goals and don't really care about Allah."	9
"I agree. Still however, they need better trained soldiers in those apaches. Because that guy was pretty eager to shoot. The second assault on the van was embarassing to the mans character.   Some of the comments in the video are appalling and the fact the military tried to cover it up shows the lack of integrity even in high ranking individuals. Which has its own whole set of implications."	9
"That's what I read fiction for.  This feels like the kid I knew back in freshman year of college who told everyone he ate six whole pizzas in an hour, then wouldn't back down when everyone confronted him with the impossibility of such a feat.  It's insulting."	9
"One of the strongest opponents of universal healthcare I know actually just married someone in the military to piggyback his healthcare, and for some reason, she is still against it! Someone please explain."	9
"You mentioned MADD and DUI laws, saying that they are in the same vein as airport security and you were responding to a comment talking about surrendering rights.  So it seems that you think that being searched before boarding an aircraft, laws against DUI, and seat belt laws are all breaches of your rights.  Did I misinterpret your statement?"	9
"Just once, why couldn’t a newspaper executive say: 'To maintain investor dividends, our short-term focus blinded us to the necessity to improve the product. But to maintain those investor returns, we got rid of the people who would best be able to improve the product. That was kind of dumb.' "	9
"I think Americans do themselves a disservice if they don't hit up each of Americas different climate zones once in their lives.  Places like Alaska, the Rockies, and the Grand Canyon should not be left out."	9
"You have a misconception about how collection agencies work. They buy the debt from the original owner of the debt, so BB got some return and the collection agency then trys to get a return on their investment."	9
"I've seen a lot of semi-on-topic messages posted in various comment fields like ""Heh, I never thought of that. www.somethingaboutanonymity. tc""  I've never been curious enough to visit those domains - kinda assuming them being full of flash exploits or whatever - but I can't really think of a reason for someone to protect their anonymity for such...bland posts."	9
"> As much as I understand we need to be somewhat proactive in defending our country from possible threats, we spend way too much time, focus, and above all, MONEY on the Military.  > We need to focus on things that DON'T directly benefit the military, but things that help our country and our people as a whole.  Mine"	9
"Just because someone doesnt phrase things the same way you do doesnt mean that youre no longer capable of understand what someone else is conveying, which seems to me to be a greater tool of intelligence than any 'proper' use of grammar."	9
agreed. when and if we garner the ire of concerted efforts to tame the net it will be interesting to see how groups of active users respond. web culture is quickly evolving and sites like reddit make me hopeful that we're going in the right direction.	9
"Great watch, crappy link--I want to see where I can buy it!  I found something similar at the ClubNamco Store. This link is pricey, a limited-run of 500, and the design is busier. I like the OP's watch better."	9
"Agreed, it seems it would be a significant waste of time and a huge pain for postmen to get to too low mailboxes. The guy is squatting to get his mail, just seems plain inconsiderate. The regulation is not even strict 1-1.5 meters or ~3-4.5 feet off the ground, that is a lot of leeway."	9
"Not unless they reformulate the Brew from near Beer to Lambic. We Have Bud here in OZ, talking to the guys at the local Bottle Shop, less than 0.5% of Beer sales. And FWIW most Aussies don't actually drink Fosters Lager. "	9
"I *love* small breasts to be completely honest. To be clear here: I am 'crazy and gaga' for girls who have small/smaller boobs.   If I'm really that rare, maybe you should message me privately, but I'm fairly certain there are armies of men who are all about the itty bitty titties, especially if you have a nice ass (I prefer the 'small+cute' on that end also, lol)"	9
"Brought it into the mainstream? You think so? Ever seen 'Fawlty Towers'? I am not claiming that Fawlty Towers was the genesis of this type of comedy, only that Gervais is building on a fair bit of very successful prior art no matter how well he is doing it."	9
"I don't consider myself a Christian but Jesus Christ was indeed an admirable man who's word is perverted far too often. The truth is indeed a very Christian concept and it's off putting the number of ""Christians"" who are so disrespectful of the faith. None the less Assange is inspiring and perhaps he really can change the world. "	9
">Men have been put away for life for shoplifting cookies, video tapes and golf clubs, essentially equating those crimes with violent assault or attempted murder  If you get this allusion, you might be a law nerd."	9
"Hey, if it didn't do anything what would be the point in smoking it?  We can allow that some of what it does might make us a little slow to recognize and react to a road danger even while pointing out that it doesn't cause the same I-can-do-anything false sense of competence and well-being that comes from alcohol."	9
"As a post revolution Iranian living outside IRAN i think this article reflects the complexity of the society as well as the illusions people in the west have of the country. in addition you may want to read this article regarding the same subject written by one of the most respective ex CIA personnel. http://www.time.com/time/printout/0,8816,1904953,00.html"	9
"Well your hearing is obviously pretty limited then. There has been lots of investigation which blatantly contradicts the corporate stance on the matter, it just hasn't been covered by a mainstream media outlet. Nevertheless, you are right in asserting that it's better that Al Jazeera start to cover this very important story now than never at all."	9
"Vedette has several reasons to celebrate its birthday. Among them, the announcement of the excellent sale of the cover that it carried out. An impressive announcement is prepared. Bethlehem Francese has reasons to celebrate its birthday."	9
The US Marines are 15th:  * US Army  243.9 * US Joint Services  187.7 * US Air Force  170.6 * US Navy  149.9 * China  114 * France  61.3 * UK  57.5 * Russia  52.6 * Japan  51.4 * US Intelligence  50 * Germany  46.9 * Saudi Arabia  39.2 * Italy  38.3 * India  36 * US Marine Corps  29 * Brazil  27.1  Source: Wikipedia	8
"I disapprove of what you say, but I will defend to the death your right to say it  -Voltaire I think   The guy has just as much freedom to be here and post what he posts, as much as we are to be here and post what we want to post. If we go against this freedom then we become no worse than sites like Conservapedia."	8
"> why didn't you just say ""people""  My title was a play on the title that had made it to the frontpage, and which inspired me to post this: ""250 men and women asked to draw how several emotions felt in their bodies. These are the combined results. Very cool.""  I'd also be interested how this might differ (if at all) along gender lines..."	8
"I am from Hartford-New Haven and it is not even a metro area. They are two completely different cities with their own economies separated by 40 miles without regular high speed transit. (unlike my example the ""non-existant"" Tenton-Princeton-Newark )"	8
"Just because religious groups do it doesn't mean it's bad. Bowling teams and math clubs and Linux user groups organize and gather even though organizing and gathering isn't ""the point"" of bowling, math, or Linux."	8
"Baltimore has indeed grown and is getting more awesome every fucking minute.   But we're not broke because of a shitty local government. We're broke because we have a large poor population and a limited tax base. It's a big city, and sure there are a handful of gentrified neighborhoods, but it's still a poor city. "	8
"Just trying to help.  I've got friends in LA, Bay area, NY, Chicago and Austin all trying to play and it seems the Chicago guys get the most playing time for pay.  LA and NY get the least and all the Cal guys have to pay to play, even in pretty small clubs and bars.  Read up on the Eugene scene.  It may fit you."	8
"Here's a nice quote:  >""Russia has invaded a sovereign neighboring state and threatens a democratic government elected by its people. Such an action is unacceptable in the 21st century,"" Bush said.  Edit: he has some nice qualifiers in there, like ""neighboring"" and ""democratic"", probably in order to attempt to draw a distinction between himself and Putin's gang."	8
"The misconception might be just that, but it is an impression that people have that must be dealt with. I myself have only ever heard the 'kill it' story from people I know who've gone there, because I suppose people like this just don't speak of going there after having the kid for fear that folks will look down on them. Just my observation, though, so take it as you will."	8
"Agreed... once a month is not enough!  Also, what mcliquor said... it sounds like it's just a formatting issue for your local station... SF Bay Area has KQED which is a really great public radio station... I was finally in a place this year to actually donate money during their funding drive... probably one of the best ways I've spent $144, for what I get in return."	8
i think its clear that the dinosaurs did not go extinct from an asteroid strike they committed mass suicide after seeing this spider. That or they felt that earth was a lost cause with these demon spawn. So they built rocket ships in search of a world without spiders.	8
"Once upon a time, all of these instances of ""ough"" were pronounced the same way -- with the sound in ""loch"" or ""Bach"". But mainline English doesn't have that sound anymore, and the pronunciation drifted in different directions in different words.  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ough  (Yes, Wikipedia has an article for everything.)"	8
"Wow, I'm a semi-regular listener who just graduated from Tufts University (only mention this because Tufts is located in Somerville/Medford) and I had no idea they ran a garage nearby.  Had I known this I probably would have intentionally sabotaged my car just for a chance to share some air with such demigods.  "	8
"The inventor of the Brazen Bull was later killed by it. He really should have thought it over a little better.  [edit] Correction, if I had have reread the article instead of going by memory, I would've seen that he was thrown from a cliff, and apparently the guy who got him to build it was killed in it."	8
"30 Rock's humor is pretty intelligent overall. The plot is generally interesting, and the characters, although caricatured, still somehow manage to have some depth to them. Tracy, as a character, is an idiot, but almost never in the way you'd expect.  It is definitely a show whose humor either works for you, or doesn't."	8
"Based on all that's happened, maybe she can talk her way into her old job? It would suck, but if successful it would help restore her reputation. Sucks that *she* has to restore her reputation, but that's the world.  Or she could go sell real estate or boats or cars."	8
I think one of the big appeals to reddit is that it convinces people they are superior to the masses.  I've seen all of reddit accused of one attitude and then accused of exactly the opposite. People need to stop thinking that whatever makes it to the frontpage is some determination of all redditors' values.	8
When the ringgit rises it normally attract foreign fund inflow. So when money start flowing out while ringgit is still rising you got to stand up and take note: Will ringgit consolidate soon? Or do they think ringgit is consolidating soon? Or is it simply because other Asia markets are more attractive? Will the fund outflow continue to  fifth consecutive months? Make a smart guess.	8
"I see what you mean. There are just 2 guys protesting against the Chinese army in the CNN photo, but in reality it's actually a big angry crowd.   So you are saying that the number of Tibetans who hate the Han Chinese is far more than the media is reporting? That the rebellion against oppression has very strong popular support? Is that your point?"	8
"For example. Generally my understanding is that it's metabolized much faster, causes a higher insulin spike, and this creates a greater risk of type 2 (née ""adult onset"") diabetes and other health problems. I've read this in several places I consider reasonably reliable, and linked one, but please do come to your own conclusion."	8
"I think Reddit itself is against that.  There's no middle ground.  The post is either amazing, and gets an upvote, or contributes nothing, and gets downvoted.  If the post is meh, you just leave it alone."	8
"It only takes one person to ruin a test like this. However, it also means that no one was looking out for her even though many had to have known what she was doing.   There is a reason human beings build communities...because we can't trust strangers. It's natural."	8
"I know. There's one to report submissions though. If you don't like someone's comments, downvote them, hide them, and move on. If they are spamming, report them to /r/reporthespammers. It's a submission, there's a report button."	8
These are great if you want to keep the trick-or-treaters far away from your door. Try offering them one of 'Uncle Oinker's Savory Bacon Mints' or maybe some 'Mutton Caramel Candy' this year. No? How about some 'Tasty Tuna Tidbits'? MMMMmmm...	8
"At any given time, a teacher can expect to have at least one student with ADHD. The impulsive and hyperactive behavior of such students can be distracting to everyone in the classroom. But there are strategies you can use to help students with ADHD channel their energy and focus their attention so that they can achieve their full potential—and you can conduct lessons with fewer interruptions."	8
I've noticed that lube seems to be quite popular in US (I have not made a wide sampling though..) but here in Europe it is quite rarely used (I have only used it with American girl friends). Could this possibly be a side effect of high circumcision frequency in US?	8
"I go to UCB, but I'm paying $625 a month in rent for a shitty apartment (it's old enough to have an icebox!), plus food, and books are a neverending source of ass-rapery (~$600 for 4 classes this *semester* and that's buying used and online when available). So it ends up being a lot more than 10K"	8
"Blue Has No South, Alex Epstein’s first book to be translated into English, is a book of 114 surreal, absurd, and/or paradoxical very short stories or flash fiction. To this reviewer’s eyes and ears many of these very short texts are also prose poems, though they are not referred to as such by the author or the publisher... "	8
Looking to change office interiors or you office is running out of space. Have a look at our office fit out services in London. You would love to have them. For more details you can log on to: http://www.officefitoutlondon.com/	8
> this is the first death in the state attributed to Equine Encephalitis since 2008  > This was a woman who had underlying health issues but our concern is that people with underlying health issues are at increased risk.  There's a ***long*** list of things I'll worry about before death-by-mosquito.	8
"So while what what you do makes sense and I think is reasonable, we can't have nice things like that because everyone else just pirates everything. You're the 1/1000 exception. The 30 second previews on amazon/itunes don't suffice though?  "	8
"Dude, don't kill yourself. If it helps at all I am also defective and probably less presentable than you. If that doesn't help (it never works on me) know that it can probably be adequately masked by cosmetic surgury or an implant."	8
Amrapali Centurian Park located at Noida Extension with modern amenities and a comfortable lifestyle. Amrapali Centurian Park offers 2 and 3 bedroom luxurious homes and the best highest standard of living in all respects.	8
Are you saying though that starting salary should be six figures?  I don't think the problem is at this level (teacher's salaries).  I would argue that our whole educational system needs to be restructured and focused more on math and science.  If this were the case I would be all for an increase in teachers salaries but am not for it at the current time.	8
"To further answer your initial comment, I think that it is perfectly acceptable to use ""bored of X"" *or* ""bored with X"" but they may have slightly different denotations.  For instance:  ""I am bored of life."" -- This means ""I am bored of this ""life"" which I personally own.""  ""I am bored with life."" -- This means ""I am bored with the direction or results of ""life."""	8
"I'm curious about the campaign finance rules. According to opensecrets.org, Kucinich has about $300k in the bank left over from his presidential bid. Can he roll that over into his congressional campaign? Even that amount, which is a pittance for a candidate for president, absolutely dwarfs the amounts raised by his opponents, again according to opensecrets.org."	8
"Lived in MD my whole life, never been over/through the bridge/tunnel. I know it's in VA but it's still close enough that I should have used it by now.  I still love going over the regular old Chesapeake Bay Bridge, though."	8
"what a frustrating article. no links, no references, just a blurb. However a little research found the journal that the finding were published in. Those of you with journal access can head to  http://www.springer.com/life+sciences/entomology/journal/13592 and read the research paper."	8
>Some of the best coders I know pull C's because the work is so far below them they don't show up to class.  That kinda seems like it would affect your chances in that companies might not be willing to hire someone who decides to fuck off from work that he considers below him.	8
Fuuuuuu that. I ran a half and the farthest I have ever run before that was 4 miles on a tredmill and I felt like I was going to die at the 11 mile marker. I have always been a lifter with decent burst endurance and that long endurance stuff just destroyed me. This man must of had some big balls and some good music to listen to haha.	8
"Do you have the conversation log, it would be very helpful if you did, I'm not trying to be an ass or anything but Omegle is infested with /b/ and this is what they do best.     I'm sorry if what you said really did happen, but being on the internet has made me paranoid. on top of that i don't think someone who just got raped would be spending her time on Omegle. "	8
Viridian CT provides consumers the ability to switch energy providers and save money. The savings also comes with the added benefit of knowing that your electricity is also coming from renewable energy sources. With Viridian CT you can save money and help the environment. It is truly a feel good service.	8
"What did he do? I'm sorry, I know he is(or was) a big user but I hadn't really seen anything from him as of late and thought nothing of it.  Not trying to be ignorant, but I would just like to be filled in."	8
"I wonder if they'll still have terrible places like that when we go interstellar. I mean yeah it's a job, but it's pretty dangerous doing all that by hand... and I'm sure spaceships will have even more toxic materials."	8
"What happens when the ""repost"" is past the age of discussion? (edit: apparently 1 month or so) then nobody can comment on something that's been seen once and since we continually have new users that's not really fair to them.  That's why i say no."	8
"You could potentially separate the different kinds of water sports. Kayaking, surfing, and swimming kinda fall into the category. Maybe branch out into rafting, wake boarding, water skiing, jet skiing, water polo (as was mentioned of course).   It'd also be interesting to see Frisbee(applicable to golf and ultimate), fishing, and camping added."	8
"I mostly agree, but I think there is obviously something in between where aid is only given to those who need it (the injured, can't afford education, mentally ill, &amp;c.), not to slackers, and that aid should take the form of services, too, not just money, such as getting people jobs. Maybe because we grew up with it, we don't realize how many things taxes pay for. "	8
"All new cars come with good warranties nowadays, but what happens when the warranty runs out? That is where a new car extended warranty comes into the picture.  Unlike the standard warranty, an extended warranty has coverage choices"	8
A while back some friends and I did a summer-sportbike tour of Scandanavia ( Norway mostly )  We sent our clothes and other stuff through the mail just like this.. We'd next-day it to the next hotel and it would arrive the next afternoon just like clockwork.   That was an awesome ride.	8
"I voted the whole thread to bring everybody back to at least 1.  yay. we're all happy again. :)  Since you've got a master on crazy drugs, what's your take on the odds of being able to quit meth cold turkey after using continuously for a few years?  I know someone who claimed to have done just that, and it seems to be true, but I didn't realize it was even possible."	8
Recently I gave up on US media even more than before (it was this year's Christmas Eve fluff pieces that finally broke me).  I now get my TV news from Al Jazera and the BBC.  ABC News is a distant 3rd place that I skim through in about 9 minutes or so on the DVR.  Reddit makes up the slack in everything else.	8
you know a beautiful woman like yourself would get all your drinks for free at the bar.. i'd buy you one at least.  edit: sounded wrong i guess. im down on my luck these days so i'm pretty out of it with just about everything.	8
"Well that's all well and good, but I think everyone agrees that many of these comment trends such as pun threads are overused to the point of irritation. So why bother wasting the energy and electrons to rewrite the same formula over and over?  I may not laugh at a new attempt at a comment joke, but I'll respect that person more than these idiots who do the same crap over and over again."	8
"It may reach some developers who read this site... who might then say ""Hmm, I hadn't really thought about it, since my machine is always muted... or my music is loud anyway""  Or maybe they'll take the post, and some of the commentary to the guy who signs their paycheck saying ""See, this is why people don't stay"""	8
"That's why I like living in a gentrifying neighborhood with ghetto housing on one side and high-end condos and McMansion infill housing on the other.  My white friends aren't too scared to come to my house but I don't draw suspicion from the Po-po when I'm driving home, either.    Plus it's easy to score weed at the corner BP."	8
"As someone who did a desk job for two years in a realllllllllly crappy environment, I can tell you that you did indeed make the right choice.  It sucks being poor, but it's a lot worse going into a place you hate 5 days a week."	8
The beauty of Anon vs Scientology is that anyone at all can become anon and join the fight. Scientology is fighting off an unstoppable zombie plague. Every loss can be anon's gain.  It's definitely the most interesting social movement on the internet.	8
"I've seen those ... some methods are more humane than others, but I still think bullfighting is worse because it's intended to be a long drawn out processes.  Whereas most butchering is intended to be as quick and painless as possible."	8
"Not only I have done this, but many of my friends have. Not only have they bought but they have sold also, and not just among each other but to legit buyers.  My uncle sold his house for 10K more on a 500 dollar per month deal.  The poor lady still can't thank him enough! "	8
"From what I read there are hundred thousands still dancing at the Love Parade, because the officials fear there will be ANOTHER mass panic when word gets out about what happened. Earlier estimates counted about 1.4 million visitors..."	8
"Gran Torino (Warner Bros.): Is Clint Eastwood the man, or is Clint Eastwood the man? He’s pushing 80 and still putting all the guttersnipes a third of his age to shame in the bad-assery department. He directs this highly enjoyable late-career drama and gives one of his most iconic performances in the main role as Walt Kowalski, a very cranky Korean War vet ..."	8
"Yeah I feel no Google engineers were consulted when making this animation. Seems they need a little more collaboration between engineering and design departments.  However, it does have a pin wheel. . ."	8
" Premier US escorts and erotic massage listings, reviews, and advertising services for escorts.  Free services for the punters in the UK and cost effective escort advertising for escorts. https://www.bestcorts.com/uk/home/ "	8
I just returned from cleaning stalls after work...tired...thought I'd have a glass of wine and pour myself to bed...   Then I read the reply and wine burst through my nose with some getting stuck in my sinuses I started to cry (manly cry of course).   In a split second my monitor was destroyed...dripping with vintage boxed red.  Thank you fellow Redditor...I needed that.	8
I simply respect people who are obviously smart and choose to advance knowledge rather than choose many other professions which would lead them to probably have a more luxurious life. Many scientists are not well paid for how smart they are.	8
"shrug*  Chances are though that she's already a CNA (as most programs are requiring that first) and she's not new to this culture.  My CNAs are well aware that this sort of action would result in repercussions culminating likely in termination.  I am not sure I'm comfortable with a nursing student (nearing graduation, no less) who can't make that sort of critical judgment. "	8
"My Dad had a pretty bad mouse problem so he bought those glue traps. I thought they were humane because the mice were still alive when he checked them the next morning. I asked him how he got the mouse out of the glue,... he didn't,... he dropped them upside down in the toilet until the trap stopped moving then dropped it in the trash. "	8
"She's probably tall.   Short women and tall women have babies that are the same size, so on a short women the bulge is proportionally much larger.   I remember reading an article by a tall (like 5'11"") women who was pregnant and people thought she was starving herself or something because there wasn't ""fat"" during the pregnancy. "	8
"Everyone who voted in Pennsylvania did their part.  Your ""part"" is to vote for whoever you think is the best candidate, regardless of whether I or anyone else agrees with you.  Never let anyone tell you otherwise."	8
"Yeah, I thought hipsters were always known to shop at thrift stores in place of the cool, fashionable spots, because even though they were born of upper-middle class and could afford it, it was considered 'hip' not to?  Idk, it does seem like a place to shop if you want a trendy image though."	8
have you tried to tell them what happened in the USA? also if they are from china they should have experienced the slowdown in the housing markets in china about a year ago. I would be interested to know how they explain that away	8
Not in 1752. ;P  > September 3–September 13 inclusive - These dates were omitted from the calendar in Britain as part of the adoption of the Gregorian calendar in the British Empire to correct the eleven day discrepancy between the Old Style and New Style dates.	8
"Oh God yes.  A thousand times yes.  See my comment here on exactly this topic.  And please spare me the ""unsubscribe from /r/pics"" advice.  I like some of the stuff there.  Doesn't mean I can't *dislike* some of the stuff too!  "	8
"I “met” Tierza Davis, founder of Pura Vida (Pure Life) Adventures, via telephone and while we weren’t able to physically connect, I immediately felt her positive energy and inspiration through the time zones.   "	8
"As they say, the main ingredients of absinthe are alcohol and myth. Personally I found it to be basically flavored vodka. OP should try a Smirnoff + cough drops cocktail, since it's basically the same thing."	8
"All the vitriol... I was in theater, and normally the reason this rule is enforced is because copyrighted material is going to be performed and the license either prohibits making a record of it, or the license only allows for a single recording to be made."	8
"I am glad the bride didnt flip out, I know some brides would just lose it.  It seemed these people took it in stride and now will have a good story to tell... And the prophetic words the Groom spoke moments before the dock went down, that is just perfect."	8
"To be fair, it looked like directly previous to that he groped her after he pushed her away (1:58), and that's when she got upset and turned to hit him after telling the cops what he did.  Not saying it's right, but at least it makes more sense than just turning around to hit the guy."	8
"This story says as much about N. korea as American tourist approaching to foreign cultures.   Im chocked (as always) to hear about the N. Korean society, but this story are very different, which the author also points out. It was also funny to read about a american adapting to a different cultur and realizing some new aspects of the world and still less critical to he's own cultural upbringing. "	8
"It's partially the wording, but 'redhatnation' explains this well. It sort of makes me think of the windows phone ads that say ""The only phone with Office, Xbox Live and thousands of apps"". Even though iOS and Android also have 'thousands of apps' (and thousands more than windows phone). It's all in the wording. At least it is partially correct."	8
"I would imagine that there are many, respectfully equal Arab/Israeli relationships between men and women, but there are many which do turn out badly with an Arab man (and his family) dominating a Jewish woman.  This letter is raising a legitimate concern, it is just doing it in the most racist way possible."	8
"Ah, OK. I wasn't sure if you were justifying it, which is why I asked, but I'm sorry if it came off as accusatory.  I'd be very interested to hear more about what Mr. Calvo said. Did he file charges against the police? Were they aware that they were raiding the mayor's house at the time?"	8
"IF my husband happens to read this, I want the matching gig bag for my Mikro, or those DR strings. And maybe a nice dinner out. I can't think of anything else I might want. I just know I don't want any of that crap from GQ."	8
"Likely this wouldn't fall under the first amendment and the troll would be fined or jailed for this behavior in America, but SCOTUS should be making a ruling on Snyder v. Phelps shortly that will clear up where the line is in cases like this."	8
"Oh boy, you just dashed the hope of some of the more rational religiously-afflicted GOP members who would have loved to use your comment as an example of real troop moral.  The real truth, DADT aside, I believe the troops are more concerned about mission success and their personal safety, rather than who is or isn't playing for the home team.  "	8
"Not sure I agree with this.  Are you considering all taxes we pay: federal, state, ss, gas, cig, alcohol, sales, seawall, levee, inheritance, and on and on and on.  And understand, I have no idea if these types of taxes exist in other countries. "	8
"Well, it doesn't have anything to do with the star, so much as you need a fixed and unchanging point in the sky to navigate by. If everyone was in the southern hemisphere, they probably would have chosen a group of stars that surrounded the southern pole. Point being north would still be north, even if Polaris didn't exist."	8
"Never heard or seen this happen in Alabama. State Troopers would have to be really, really bored. Besides, they are usually filling their 'quota' or 'contact points' by camping construction zones. (Not saying that is a bad thing, just stating an observation.)"	8
"> Locals will remember swarms of tutu clad ""parking fairies"" cruising metered areas downtown in pink three wheeled scooters, plugging parking meters in defiance of the ""brown shirts"" of the old Anchorage Parking Authority."	8
"I remember another reddit article that came out.  It was about a Canadian who was ""shocked"" by what he/she saw in America, which was hate speech and so on.  Well, guess what, hate speech is a price we are willing to pay to live free."	8
"Dear customers and partners!    As you were informed by all central media including TV, newspapers and internet, we had planned Sun power off on 1 of august 2008.    Planned Sun power-off on the territory of Russia is over. All planned prophylactics was done in time..."	8
"http://honestconman.blogspot.com/2008/09/gift-card-money-laundering.html  You buy giftcards with dirty money, sell the giftcard (at a loss if necessary), viola:  clean money.  I'm sure there are other ways, too.  I'm just saying it's possible.  It's also possible that people are stupid.  It's been known to occur."	8
Agreed up until the congressional pay thing.   How about we keep the pay the same and outlaw lobbying and campaign contributions larger then a couple $1000?  That would fix a whole bunch of the issues.	8
"For people having this problem. You MUST USE THE NUMBER PAD. If you use the numbers at the top, it won't work. If you don't have a number pad, turn on num lock and then type it in on the corresponding keys (they will be different keys than your number keys). On my lap top, for example  num-lock on. Hold alt. enter ""k i i"" "	8
"The links can be to any item on Amazon. My point is that if you click the link and then choose to buy that item or anything else in that session, on 67 of those links, the link submitter gets a cut.  Does that count as spam? I don't know. It does put Saydrah's sins in a bit of context, though."	8
"Heh... Whenever an officer or a SNCO would ask me, ""how are you doing today, Marine?"", I liked to answer in the manliest voice possible, ""fabulous, sir.""  They never quite figured out what to do about me... but then again, I was the guy who went out his way to cause constant low-level headaches among the middle management..."	8
"That's interesting, but the wing stands out from the ring at an angle, and with the possibility of another wing I'd say it's definitely not meant to be two dimensional.   Edit: Unless you're talking about the thing you put in the mouths of horses."	8
">That puts these people on the same level as Turkish hacking groups that deface websites and put the Turkish flag everywhere.  We used to call them ""script kiddies"" in the 90s...does that name still apply?  I haven't frequented security circles in some years. :P"	8
"As the father of two daughters and three step-daughters, I'd say that trying to mess with the daughters of fathers of *most* races will lead to large amounts of pain and suffering.  I'm three-quarters Irish, mind you. Even hold an Irish passport, though I have never lived there."	8
" Dijual “Rumah” Lokasi Strategis 5 menit ke pusat kota Alamat: Pabuaran, Cibinong Spesifikasi: Luas tanah: 122 m2 (sertifikat) Luas bangunan: 90 m2 (IMB) Terdiri dari: 1 ruang tamu 3 kamar tidur 1 kamar pembantu 1 ruang keluarga 1 ruang makan 1 dapur 2 kamar mandi Tempat cuci dan jemur Gudang Teras cukup luas Garasi Taman berkolam kecil Pagar besi Sumber air sumur pompa  Hub. Hj. Lin 081511216432"	7
">If the smell of burning marijuana is emanating from a vehicle, it is very likely that marijuana is being smoked inside of that vehicle.  If the smell is burned marijuana, in theory there is no marijuana for which to search (it has already been burned), therefore no justification to search.  That is, that's the recent jurisprudence in Canada."	7
I have learned to try to respect others views. Reddit/internet has helped me enormously in this regard.   p.s. Your congressmen and women hopefully have learned the same lessons and WILL reply to your individual concerns if you contact them and ask them the same question you asked me.	7
"Without sacrificing the quality of the site, I wish Reddit Jobs somehow made it more feasible to post jobs for short-term freelance work. I can understand why you wouldn't want to, I just currently have the need for it. I envision a *weekend warrior* section I'd post to with 1-7 day listings at $12 a day."	7
"The question here is whether or not mosques and temples and whatnot are ever used as polling places, and if they've ever offered to be used.   I don't know the answer to this.   What I do know is there aren't enough libraries."	7
"We called them 'headchecks' in motorcycle drivers' school. Now I'm in my 60s and it's starting to hurt to do them on some days. Nevertheless, I still do them without fail. (I mean, for crying out loud, it hurts to get up in the morning--as my mother said, ""you get up each morning wondering what's going to hurt today""--but I don't stay in bed all day.)"	7
"While that doesn't answer his question...  And it seems you're implying that california has snow (albeit only on the easternmost part of the state...in the sierras), and thus we should know what show plows are...  That is a fucking awesome tool that I never knew existed on wunderground or any other site, you're getting an upvote."	7
"To clarify:  1. Folder on mac has files a, b, c, and d.  2. Folder on thumb drive has files a, b, and c.  3. Thumb drive folder is copied to mac. No replacement for file d is copied.  4. File d is deleted, should still be recoverable."	7
"When it comes to abdominoplasty in Pittsburgh, we are committed to combining exceptional patient care, artistry and surgical expertise to help you achieve beautiful results. Through our customized approach we provide you with support in choosing the medical spa options best suited for you. "	7
"When you move your mouse over each pole, the background of the web page changes. Although the poles never change color, they seem to. When the background is blue, the poles look orange and when the background is orange, the poles look blue. A very subtle exercise with a dramatic effect."	7
"Say you are going to be away for a while and want to load up your laptop with something to watch.   For Example:   Heroes, Season 1- 4 720p, 165.97 GB.   Prison Break, Season 1-4 720p, 160.68 GB.   V (2009), Season 1, 1080p, 76.94 GB.  As you can see, a single season of a relatively short 12 episode, 44 minute runtime series is 77GB in 1080p format.   The results are hard to argue with though."	7
"Im sure the legal people he had write the letter to the Minister would have put some clause or something in the offer to prevent that. And once the site is part of the national park, the Government cannot touch it. "	7
"Well, to be fair, all of these people were being charged with violent crimes. It's not like he was being saved by someone charged with possession or petty theft, one of the guys was in there for attempted murder."	7
"Check this out ... an experimental Big O and Dukes that came out this week.  http://bigoanddukes.com/  Just found out aboot it.  I send you this in thanks of your previous link, which kept me entertained for hours.  Hope you enjoy."	7
High Times (I think it was) did a  feature a while back where they actually investigated this and it was largely agreed upon that it started with kids meeting by a tree at 4:20 PM after school to get high.	7
"They were re-released in the cinema when I was about 7 or so, A New Hope was one of the first films I ever saw on the big screen. I loved them then and I still do, not because they're great films but because they have sentimental value to me.  Also, if by any chance you're reading this Mr. Lucas: Han shot first you little bitch! Stop trying to fix what ain't broke!"	7
"I agree with you somewhat, but my original intent was to prove that two opposing views could be construed from the same basic facts: I was trying to enlighten some people with a differing point of view."	7
"Is this softpedia? I agree, I definitely hate when sites have this. I think the porn industry started it in the late 90s: ""CLICK HERE FER BRITNEY SPEARED BEWBS!"" You click it, and you're on another site, ""CLICK HERE SEE BRIT SPEARS N00D!"", click there and you're back to the same site.   This alone made me stop looking porn, and stop using sites like softpedia."	7
"I'd actually reckon that they are using blade servers. It would stand to reason. They have a phenomenal infrastructure already but 50 quadcore desktops or servers would indeed take up a fair bit of space but blades would give them the interconnect bandwidth they require.  Unless of course they are using quad socket, quad core servers."	7
"Porn sites are censored in China, but not all because there are just so many. There is apparently jail time if you are caught browsing porn. When I was in China, I went on smaller sites like bravoporn but didn't dare try the bigger tube sites for fear of raising red flags."	7
"Ok, I don't get sentimental and shit, but that story really got to me. I don't believe in fate, but if I did, I would have to say that you were fated to be the last driver in her life, or the last person she talked to, for that matter, and you were kind to her when no one else was. You sir, are one of a kind. Bravo."	7
"I actually see this as a good thing. Technology should be simple and appear transparent. Just type what you want somewhere, and the computer will figure it out.   Content is what people should be putting thought and effort into, not arbitrary usage paradigms.  On the other hand, is facebook their content of choice?"	7
"when I was in college my IEEE chapter organized a trip to go tour Lawrence Livermore.  The ignition facility was in fact very sweet, as well as the other projects they have there such as the atmosphere monitoring thing (I forget the name), particle accelerator, and food testing lab."	7
"My GF at the time hates me for showing her Oldboy. I you want a mindfuck of a movie check out Irreversible (with Monica Belluci). Oldboy is part of a trilogy (movies are independent from each other but share the ""revenge"" theme) - also check out Lady Vengeance and Sympathy for Mr. Vengeance."	7
"I share your feelings. My ""father,"" was a man named Dr. Hubert Farnsworth. He created me from some cyclops egg and one of those lobster looking aliens, you know the ones... kinda cheap, good bankers? So yeah, any subtle lessons are lost upon me as well."	7
"It's funny that you would be suspicious of such a mundane job . . . I work at the front desk.  I used to be a veterinary assistant until I hurt my back.  I'm not claiming to be an expert on dogs, and I'm sure you're right, dogs are opportunists and they like people who feed and shelter them."	7
"Maybe more power is needed to get water from a few hundred feet down than a standard pump can provide.  If you already need a giant rotating arm to get the water at all, why not allow more than one person to operate it at once?"	7
"Corn syrup _is_ sugar. Regular table sugar is sucrose, which is one glucose plus one fructose linked with a glycosidic bond, which is easily hydrolyzed by acid and sucrase in the digestive tract, so you end up with 50% glucose and 50% fructose.  Corn syrup is just glucose. ""High"" fructose corn syrup is corn syrup with _any_ amount of added fructose."	7
"As both a father and as someone who has grown up with large scars on my neck and face from a dog bite from when I was a toddler I can understand how this man could have let his anger get the better of him. However, considering the other circumstances I feel that his response was far too excessive. I believe he deserves some punishment but I hope that it isn't too harsh."	7
"I read it, as well as all the Russian parody articles on reddit, in the voice of Lev from Armageddon. He has a lot of funny lines in that movie:   ""This is how we fix problem in the Russian space station!"" *kicks instrument panel*   A.J.: Have you ever heard of Evel Knievel?  Lev Andropov: No, I never saw Star Wars. "	7
I'm thinking of doing just that. I have an actuator motor and arm to move a dish and am a member of the local metal workers association so making the boiler is easy. Just need a turbine to run my generator.	7
"http://camgirllive.livejournal.com Slowly raising his eyes towards the bottom up, I was a bit of surprise not fiercely, that is admirable. Before me glowing in the rays of the sun itself is standing, so I have desired stranger with a very appetizing forms. Holding my book in its elegant pens, it was nice, but at the same time, several blame me smile. "	7
the price of gold is destined to set a new record high and Alan Mendelson of www.BestDealsTVShow.com looks at the price charts for his technical analysis and forecast.  He also says that silver is very undervalued to gold and silver prices will play catch up soon and rise sharply.	7
"This is a great perspective on the quandry that the environmental community faces when it comes to alternative energy.  Everyone agrees that it is a needed commodity, and yet no one wants it in his or her backyard.  What to do!!"	7
"Although LED wheel lighting is nothing new – some of the ones already on the market are pretty awesome – having them also provide targeted fore and aft illumination, and thereby providing a single lighting solution for all angles, is such a simple idea that I'm surprised no one has thought of it before now.    I really look forward to seeing this as a commercial product."	7
couldn't he just take it to a postal processing plant and have them read the code in one of their machines? Just asking a postal worker at the office if a date can be read on the stamp is not going to help. The guy would need to go to a a large postal plant where they sort the mail.	7
Me: I got a hot date tonight. (lie detector err) Me: A date. (lie detector err) Me: Dinner alone. (lie detector err) Me: Dinner with Fred. (lie detector err) Me: Alright I'm going to sit at home and oggle the ladies in the Victoria's Secret catalog. (lie detector err) Me: Sear's catalog. (lie detector beep)	7
"If.  They don't support current standards good enough right now, don't worry about something like future standards.  Also, CSS3 is awesome, the sooner all the browsers implement all CSS3 features properly the happier I'll be."	7
"There was a radio station, I believe in Orlando, FL (I can't remember where I was at the time) that was in process of being transferred to a new owner some years back. Instead of leaving nothing on it they played Hey Jude for 3 days straight on loop. I spent a lot of time listening to that station that weekend."	7
"I worked out of OKC and did network/system support for a customer service company that had a center in Lawton.  I sure didn't roam around that place too far when I was in town.  It really did just have a rough ""this city is collapsing in a scary way"" feel about it."	7
"It's a good question.  You do get some issues with the logic of the language, for example, ""factoid"" is often used to mean a trivial fact, but the the -oid suffix suggests something that resembles a fact without actually being one (e.g. asteroid resembles a star, humanoid resembles a human).  Literally doesn't have this problem but does have the problem of not having a good synonym."	7
Affordable Concrete Cutting Massachusetts is committed to providing the highest quality and most reliable service in the concrete cutting industry. We pride ourselves on treating our customers the same way that we want to be treated and we absolutely and unconditionally guarantee all of our work.	7
"Menopause and weight gain doesn't have to be inevitable. When a woman reaches her early, or mid 40’s and 50’s her ovaries shrink and tend to dysfunction. Her entire reproductive system doesn’t operate as it used to and she will not get pregnant."	7
"His talk at Stanford was one of the major reasons why I became an entrepreneur. Following your passion is the best decision you can ever make. RIP Steve, the world has lost one of it's greatest visionaries..."	7
If you're commenting here please click up (even if you disagree with me); I'd like this to become a real debate. If you think I'm being a karma whore go ahead and submit your own link then link to it here. This is a conversation I actually want to have.	7
"ServiceFlags.com announced today its support of a measure introduced in Congress that would allow service flags to be flown by home owners without restriction. To get the word out and to encourage support, ServiceFlags.com has launched a Web site: ServiceFlagPetition.com that explains how people may write to their representatives to support this new bill. "	7
"Don't wars at least usually have at least some kind of propaganda cover, like you know, a REASON?  I've heard of people who are against war on principle; never heard of someone who's just into starting them for fun."	7
They absolutely were there but not properly diagnosed. Acute stress levels may bring about high blood pressure but diet is much more fundamental. My dad wasn't told to cut all salt intake after his stroke for no reason.  Type II diabetes is almost entirely about what you eat and the exercise you get. Don't confuse it with Type I which is a weird malfunction of your immune system.	7
"I was confused by that too because it was clearly a guy.  Also the book that part was based on, which I was supposed to read in high school, was about a BOY growing up in the prairies.  Why he said girl, I don't know."	7
that's awesome and everything - but ...  after drinking coffee/tea from a thermos that's been sat in a cupboard for 20 years - and therefore drinking many forms of micro-bacterial life that goes with it no matter HOW hard you scrubbed it - you're either going to wake up tomorrow with superpowers or not wake up at all.	7
CNN just reported that this is coming on the heels of an article in the latest issue of Esquire.  True? I'll proudly renew any subscription that has the reach to cause shakeups in a presidential administration.	7
"Right on.  It seems like some people can't grasp the fact that there must always be a lower income class of people to service the middle and upper incomes.  Someone has to wash dishes, work the fields, be a janitor... there will ALWAYS be people who need help to make it through life!  Thankfully I'm a fortunate one as well and its not me, but we must show compassion for the whole of society."	7
"My girlfriend deletes users as her friend on their birthdays. She basically forgets that she was friends with them, sees their birthday pop up, and deletes them if she hasn't spoken to them in a while.  Kind of mean on a birthday, but it works for her."	7
"Los códigos BIDI están desempeñando en la actualidad, junto con la realidad aumentada (RA), una nueva forma de promoción y publicidad, combinada con el mobile marketing, del cual está sacando mucho beneficio el sector turístico."	7
"I agree.  Trash talking is is just as important (if not more important) as ability when playing online.  Even if you know you can't win, as long as your opponents and the teammate you've chosen to blame everything on know they suck, then you have done your job.  I often just ask kids who call me a fag if their babysitter is really letting them play xbox so late."	7
some of them just have a hair trigger... no pun intended. I've got three and one of them just ... i dunno... you scoop her legs in just the right way and bam! juice on the arm... REAKS! you have no idea.	7
"They would be hard to get unless someone's taking aerial photos (and I didn't see any helicopters when I was there), and even then they're very rough estimates. The NPS makes official estimates, but doesn't release them."	7
What! I love those CPS clickers. The teacher can go over material and then test the students on different aspects of it to see how well the class understands it.  Asking a question to the class is generally going to get an answer from someone who understands it.	7
"It really depends where you are.  Everyone in my dorm knew I was constantly smoking in my suite (including the RA's)and that one of the guys 4 doors down was the dorm dealer.  Stories I've heard from other schools include people getting expelled for acting with much more subtlety.  In CA at least, it is very common."	7
"While I understand the humor in this post, the explanation is simple. The graph itself is a three dimensional representation of a pie chart. In three dimensions objects that are further away (the purple slice) appear smaller than objects that are closer (the green slice). This is why the purple slice could hold a larger percentage than the green slice and still appear smaller."	7
"Yeah, it's stuff like this that makes me really nervous every time he speaks in public. I guess living in the Northeast, where most folks are pretty liberal, makes me liable to forget there are some wackos out there. "	7
This is so strange to me.  I work at one of the largest insuance companies in North America in a network of many buildings and I have never seen any writing in any stall in any bathroom in any of the buildings.	7
"I've been rocking the beard trimmer on the lowest guard level. It was like 20 bucks, and I just use a razor for a little clean-up and detail work.  It's always 5 o'clock somewhere and that somewhere is my face."	7
"I used to one from Target one time and it cleared me up.  Unbelievable good.  I was using an all natural shampoo that was working well for a long time, then all of a sudden it stopped.  I decided to pay the $15 for the bottle of Nizeral and it worked great."	7
"It's close but gezellig doesnt really mean cozy. Cozy in dutch is knus. cozy is sitting next to a fire place or like the article say means: a place that is compact, well-heated and nicely furnished. You can have a gezellig house that isnt even close to this description."	7
Bad habits like Smoking- Tell your friends you have a severe headache while smoking and they would never force you to smoke. Do this if you feel hard to say No or feel ashamed to tell them that you have quit or plan to quit smoking. This lie is harmless but would help you succeed in your	7
1. Create a commotion on one side of the street to distract drivers.  2. Have someone step into the cross walk right as distracted driver nears said cross walk.  3. Pull over driver.  4. Profit!!!   Yay. I figured out number 3!	7
And that vandalism was reverted in 4 minutes - it's the type of vandalism that's instantly detectable.   The user also previously vandalized two other articles and is also permanently blocked.  The page is also protected from edits by new or unregistered users.	7
"I'm glad I'm not the only one who feels this way. Last time I listened to the whole album from start to finish, I openly sobbed when this track came on. Not felt sad, not got a little teary eyed, I freaking SOBBED for the duration of this piece, I'm talking puppy dog tears all over my hands and keyboard. Really a beautiful piece."	7
"> wow, click on a body part and find all exercise videos with instructions! (**askthetrainer**.com)  > 96 points posted 6 hours ago by **askthetrainer**  I dunno.  He made no effort at all to hide the self-promotion.  He's clearly not a spammer.  If it hadn't been interesting, he would have been downmodded to the tenth circle of hell, and there wouldn't be any problem."	7
"An interesting aside: the penalty in those times for sheep theft was death, but the penalty for bestiality was six months in jail. So, if one was caught sheep rustling, it was logical to pull down your trousers and do something else with it.  This is why people who live in rural, sheep farming parts of Britain (such as Wales and the Scottish Highlands) are called ""sheep shaggers"""	7
"My father has also received two liver transplants (hep c). His first when I was 5 his second when I was 22. Because of organ donation I got to know my father. He was able to be at my wedding, meet his granddaughter and experience life. He has had 21 extra years of life so far.   Organ donation really is the gift of life. "	7
sorry to be picky but the first drink I clicked on the percentages in the glass are all messed up (all shrunken down and together they fill maybe 20% of the glass. BTW: it was when I clicked random drink and it is the Dixie Cocktail Drink Recipe at: http://thevintagedrink.com/drinks/detail/85	7
"hell no!  Ive lived there a couple of times in my life, so I can only imagine where this is going.  For anyone who dosent know, arcata is a nice friendly retirement community for hippies.  say hi to ranger bob for reddit  "	7
"I just received my Screwdriver,It bought from everbuying.com, a Hong-Kong based free shipping site just like DealExtreme is selling tigram screw drivers for $0.01 with free shipping: http://www.everbuying.com/m-webad-a-r-lid-257.htm There seems to be a limit of 1 per customer. Tigram are those annoying screws Nintendo uses on the casing of their portable consoles."	7
"Best training for php, training for web desigining, mysql web devolopment course,web designing course training ,php course with mysql training in hyderabad,seo training in hyderabad dilsuknagar  http://www.cartooncampus.in "	7
"We shall see...  EDIT:  There was nothing incredible about that.  I could barely make it through the 2nd track without skipping ahead.  Also, that wasn't jazz in the slightest bit, that was Louisiana blues.  I have to say the worst part about it is how he tries to hide his accent, there are several instances where it just comes out awkward."	7
"Nahhh, the ctrl key is special.  Most of my left hand comes off the home row when I press it.  My pinky just aims for the bottom-left most area of the keyboard.  Especially when I'm typing a url, since ctrl-enter is the last thing I need to hit before removing my hands from the keyboard.  Edit:  I don't think I've ever been in a discussion as pointless as this one, haha."	7
"You don't get to vote, but you *can* make it very clear to whomever is representing you in international treaties about your views.  The goal with publicizing this as much as possible is to make as many people as possible against it, making it political suicide to sign on."	7
"I think that is obvious when it comes to confessions or things that are not verifiable.  Verifiable information (i.e. these people will be here at this time) is reliable if it comes to pass.  I don't advocate torture, but not because I think it is never effective.  I don't advocate it because we should be better than that."	7
"Dude I just re-watched season 4 last night and mannn, the part when Dex asks you what the chances of finding who the old blood next to the tub is and you say,   ""Like one in fucking six billion.""    I laughed so loud my roommate yelled from the next room for me to shut up and go to bed.  It was like 3:30 am.  Ha!  Good stuff brother!"	7
I agree with this.  I think she was going for somewhere in Canada people would recognize the name of.  That is more of a Northern Ontario/Norther Minnesota (they are right next to each other) accent attempt with too much lilt in it.  If she had said Duluth or Thunder Bay she would have been more correct but less understood.  Overall this was really impressive.	7
Environmental Pest Control has been servicing homeowners and businesses alike since 1988. Our reputation for quality service stands proud. With thousands of loyal customers our truly professional approach and commitment keeps our customers coming back year after year.	7
"I agree with everything you said. But was all that in response to something I said? I'm not sure if I understand the relevance (or the aggression).  To be clear, if a treatment is available for an infant it should be applied, regardless of the wishes of the parent. Nothing in what I said conflicts with that."	7
"I think there's at least an 80% chance this is what it seems to be, but also a small chance it's being misconstrued by overlooking something.  Hey, it could be worse. Maybe she stole them from someone. We don't know yet."	7
"His statement wasn't written from a US-centric point of view, so I didn't consider it as such. There are some countries where the jump is not so huge from child pornography to gay porn.  Regardless, I was probably being a bit pedantic. He does fall foul of the slippery slope fallacy to a certain extent."	7
"Hmm... ""For instance, I can see how a few hundred dedicated individuals could pull off the whole thing, perhaps even fake it, and keep the act going for quite some time. The unit could be completely compartmentalized, and essentially be living normal everyday lives."" http://reddit.com/info/6le62/comments/c046j39"	7
"We used to sell these at staples. The best part is, on the outside box it says part of the ""Kool Kolor Collection"". I always wondered if that was a mistake and last minute fix, (spelling collection with a c instead of a k) or if it was some sort of inside joke.  Oh and we also had these rasta colored skull candy headphones which rang up as ""smokin buds"" at the register."	6
Volvo Car Corporation is taking the next step in their electrification strategy by producing test cars with Range Extenders—electric cars that are fitted with a combustion engine to increase their effective range.	6
"My small-town university had a neo-Nazi, everybody made sport of mocking his beliefs. Not sure how I feel about that - I mean, obviously the guy was wrong in a dangerous way and needed his mind changed, but I'm not sure that's the way to go about it. People will cling to things that ""make sense"" when they're in adverse enough positions."	6
"That shes grown up into a lady in her image and brought up a daughter which is not easy. Once you raise a child you might undertand, i personally have not raised a child but from what people tell me its not easy especially if you dont have your parents helping."	6
I like the way you phrased the flying kitten thing. It is quite an interesting topic though. Most of the people of the world's interaction with English is learning a bit in school. It's baffling to consider how many people are currently trying to memorize lists of English words.	6
"I just did a reference check today with a major insurance company on a candidate and the boss said, ""All I can tell you is that I worked with the candidate from this time to this time and yes, I'd work with the candidate again""."	6
"Two groups of opening code: (guest code 3-8digits, emergency code 8 digit)  Emergency key opening  Card swipe, keypad with screen with LED light  Audit trail reporting function, can be printed for the record of opening and closing with date and time with a compact printer or hand-held CEU."	6
"That is true now that I think about it. Remember the old commercials? I can't remember the motto but it was ""There is no wrong way to eat a Reeses?"" Or something like that. Now they are smaller so the only good way to eat it is one bite."	6
"City of Bristol my friend, central hub of the transatlantic slave trade.  To be honest I'm not sure how you'd be able to only smoke straights with the sheer potency of the weed today, but yeah... different strokes for different folks."	6
"Ron Paul also explains a new bill, HR 1207, he is trying to get passed that removes the restriction that does not allow Congress to know what the Federal Reserve is doing. Right now the Federal Reserve is a secret bank that is not required to answer to anyone. HR 1207 would require transparency with what the Federal Reserve is doing and open the operation up to the Freedom of Information Act."	6
OK - I’m a nut about cigars.  I’ve been known to just look at a particularly well made one - roll it over and over in my fingers - until one of my fellow herfers finally says ‘are you going to smoke that thing or take it out on a date!’  But there is method to my madness.  Here’s a case in point - consider the cut.	6
"Britax Advocate 65 CS Click and Safe Convertible Car Seat, Onyx  Are you having a hard time choosing the best convertible car seats for your child? I know, it can be a challenging task especially if you are new in this thing.The correct installation and the right choice of seats can be the difference between injury and safety should you suddenly involved in a car crash."	6
"Yeah, good point. Since I'm the mod of a low traffic sub-reddit I notice the power that a single downvote has. Plain reddit.com is a different beast altogether.  Perhaps the admins could give subreddit moderators the power to enable/disable submission downvote grace periods."	6
"You have to think of it as a comedy. Every time there is a twist, a cheesy line, crappy CG, that dude taking his shirt off, etc., you have to chuckle or laugh out loud. After you begin doing this, it is way more enjoyable. Plus, your friends, should you attend a Lost party, will think that you know what's actually going on and you are so awesome since you are solving the mystery. "	6
"Not really. I've hosted many single girls, including one right now from Romania (she's in the city sightseeing while I'm watching the Real Madrid game tonight). It's a very trustworthy site, and you should never choose someone who doesn't have any references to back him/her up with. "	6
"political satire, mostly.  He's awesome. http://www.colbertnation.com  One of my favs: http://www.colbertnation.com/the-colbert-report-videos/388583/june-06-2011/paul-revere-s-famous-ride?xrs=share_copy"	6
Chapter I: Acquisitions   Chapter II: Drug  Chemistry   Chapter III: Supreme Clientele   Chapter IV: Security   Chapter V: Telecommunications   Chapter VI: Product Concealment   Chapter VII: Deal Economics   Chapter VIII: Profit Management   Chapter IX: Modesty   Chapter X: Law School	6
Reminds me of what one comedian said about him ( i forget who)    'Ray Mears shows and sits in the middle of a field feasting like a panda on roots an branches and goes home heavier than when he arrives'	6
"Ok I see two Dave Matthews Band listing here. Did I miss something where they were ever highly rated? I mean, I personally like them but am not aware that they were ever held in high regard by the majority."	6
If a 16 year old takes photos of herself and distributes them there is a chance that she'll be charged with distributing child pornography - there are a few recent cases that provide precedence to this fact.	6
What is the best natural dog food for your dog? How can I know what is a healthy dog diet? Many of us who love their pets and want them to live a healthy long life ask these same questions. Just like you I have struggled to find an answer to these difficult questions...	6
"trader joe's is the best. every time i go there, the staff and mgmt are nothing but awesome. one of the managers gave me a free chocolate bar once, because they were out of the chocolate i was looking for at the time. "	6
"bbc story  > They were in Russia to mark the 70th anniversary of the Katyn massacre, when the Soviets killed thousands of Poles.  > According to preliminary reports, it got caught up in the tops of trees, fell to the ground and broke up into pieces. There are no survivors in that crash.  Khm..."	6
"The Alchemyst, which got a starred review in School Library Journal, is available as a free PDF download at ShareTermPapers.com. Michael Scott draws on a wide knowledge of world mythology to stage a battle between the Dark Elders and their hired gun."	6
"I never knew that they were religious, nor considered it, until I started playing in a brass band there three years ago when I was 19. I'm a reasonably intelligent individual, but I had just never fully thought the name through, but then again I never really had a reason to. The fact that we only play Jesus music in the band tipped me off real quick, though. "	6
"This is exactly right on. I didn't find it that tough, but I guess it could depend on how it's prepared. But non-greasy chicken dark meat is exactly how it tastes.  It's okay, in other words. Nothing special. Not terrible."	6
"Ah, I like the way you think! I don't think I'd have much chance getting mining rights here in the UK though...  One of my many dreams to to be a disused underground military base/nuclear bunker/etc. there's a few of those around here..."	6
"Actually, I just finished reading on of my New Scientist magazines and it had a nifty graph of who is making the space junk (mostly U.S., China and Russia.)  I was looking for that graph and found this article."	6
I actually stopped watching it on TV because of the Sammy/Ronnie fighting. Completely ruined the show.   That said it is by far one of the most brain-dead entertaining shows on TV and I can't wait for the new season in Italy.	6
Hi my name is Donald and Ctrl to poop egg nest poop on warden and other bird to score banging in to walls to fast hurts touching warden hurts be pooed on ALSO hurt Gitting cought on somthing string in trash can Hurts	6
"I tried the first generation Foreman grill, and attempted to cook bacon with it.  The damn thing doesn't get hot enough to cook bacon.  You would be surprised how much fat actually renders out of bacon, though.  I had to empty the tray 2-3 times.  Messing up bacon is bad, but the worst thing about these devices:  the edges get hot enough to remove your fingerprints."	6
"As a guy who rarely ""got off"" from oral, I found that the key was actually aural.  I needed to be honest and open in my feedback to her about what felt good, and what was either distracting or unsuccessful.  And it helps when she is honest about what she likes.  Communication is the key, even if it's not words.  A moan or hum at the right time can be the ticket. "	6
*My computer is not letting me see comments below yours. I'm making this comment so everyone below you knows I'm not shining them on. But I ask a simple request to all. Upvote the shit out of this guy so he gets drunk as hell.**  **Merry Christmas to all! And to all a good night!*	6
"Thank you.  FTA ""Blood rich in midi-chlorians could be transfused into an injured organism to keep it alive, but this would not transfer any of the blood donor's Force-sensitivity.""  They don't say why, though.  I'm guessing that use of the force depends on other undisclosed factors other than the midi-chlorian presence."	6
"I guess I'm saying that there may be a greater distance between all the stuff in the front (ie poles and wires) and the point of impact such that a plain may have been able to fit in between without knocking down a bunch of stuff,  They may only appear to be close to the buildings.  An areal shot would be helpful."	6
"We were with her family (10-12 people) at a 4th of July shindig in the park.  Everyone was sitting in a big circle talking and waiting for the fireworks to start.  I stepped into the middle of the circle, got down on one knee and popped the question.  Edit:  Yes I planned this in advance and had a ring."	6
I was assuming the women was getting off in fear. And since I hate roller coasters or anything even remotely related to them I was saying that the lady on the right was me (although I'm not a lady) for comedic purposes. I guess I failed.	6
"I took a medical to work with a railroad 40 years ago. The color blindness test was a book with about 20 or so of those ""dotted circles"".  When we were near done, I asked the nurse how I was doing. She said that if I did not get the next one, she would have to declare me legally blind. The next one was black, white and shades of grey. I aced it."	6
"I went to a rally once that we intended to have in front of the state capitol building (where there was an open plaza with plenty of room and plenty of pedestrians). The police made us move to a park quite a ways down the road where there were no pedestrians at all, making our protest rather useless."	6
"Yep, and not at work too.  I even pack a knife in my luggage, then check my bags.  Try peeling a pineapple with your bare hands in Thailand.  I have a variety of Swiss army knives for every situation that comes my way."	6
"Bill Prompted by Sharpe James Donation to Council Candidate Republican Senate Leader Tom Kean and Senator Bill Baroni will introduce legislation that would ban elected officials convicted of felonies from using their campaign accounts to make political donations. Instead, any money in  "	6
"So, riddle me this... Gizmodo disassembled it, but why didn't they check what radio chip it had? If, for example, it had a Qualcomm 7000-series chipset (CDMA+GSM), that would be very interesting and considerably more news-worthy."	6
"I've lived here for over 30 years, but it wasn't until a few weeks ago that I was initiated into one of the secret wonders of San Francisco, the so-called two o'clock titty"" of St. Mary's Cathedral, which appears at 2 pm, and is a staple of academic life for Catholic schoolboys. ""    http://www.flickr.com/photos/artolog/355522101/"	6
"I use St Ives Green Tea scrub. It has a fine-grain texture, and I can use it everyday without irritation.  It's improved my skin dramatically since I started using it, and it's less expensive than most products I've tried.  I can find it in any drugstore in my area, and I suspect you can find it easily anywhere in the US. "	6
"Because we hear about celebrities often and many people (possibly your friends) enjoy their work, so naturally they feel more affected when said celebrity dies.   Personally, I find what happened is Oslo far worse than Winehouse's death, but I'm not going to take the self-righteous high horse when people don't care as much."	6
Well for mission critical stuff no but as a temp patch its better than paper.  2 years?  That sounds strange. I have burned cd-r's from 1998 that work just fine. I have never had anyone I know lose data this way.	6
"I read this article yesterday I think, a really great article. Something I wish more people would read, or at least listen to someone with t his opinion.  We've heard enough from the race baiters, why not listen to some rational people for once? Pretty please?"	6
"Just want to say, don't be so disappointed. Some people are very generous and never get anything in return, doesn't mean pay-it-forward or general good deeds of altruism don't get returned.   Some people take advantage of it, others don't. Shouldn't stop trying because there are assholes in the world"	6
"Though I agree that fps games and paint balling are more fun then shooting at the range, I wont judge someone for enjoying the shooting range more.  Besides, if someone insist on owning a firearm, they really should learn to shoot accurately."	6
"Unfortunately I have.  I guess it is more geared towards college aged kids?  Dunno, one of my friends made me sign up.  I quickly learned it was same shit as myspace so i binned it.  I learned a few weeks later my account magically reactivated.  "	6
The Jack the Ripper walking tour is worth it. We did one this summer when my inlaws were visiting us. Go see a play while in London. There's some good stuff on right now. Have a few drinks in the West End before you go. The British Museum is a must (in my opinion).	6
"Haha, that doesn't surprise me at all.  I work at IBM, and it sucks for us too.  A lot of the developers I have to work with are in China, while I'm in the US.  It makes it hard to get stuff done sometimes."	6
"Perhaps the reason it *seems* otherwise is because the last several decades have given us improved technology, consolidation of news organizations, and of course the Internet, so that the reporting is more comprehensive and available."	6
"Yes, the Doctor is lonely. That's why he has a companion traveling with him to share the wonders of space and time with. It just doesn't make sense to me that almost all of the companions fall for him. Donna and the Doctor shared a friendship which alleviated some of that loneliness. The relationship doesn't always have to be a romantic one."	6
"Most comics have a pretty regular updating schedule. It seems reasonable to me to think that if you like it enough to regularly follow it, you probably know when a new comic's up (and probably have a bookmark too)."	6
">To telle yow al the condicioun, >Of ech of hem, so as it semed me, >And whiche they weren, and of what degree, >And eek in what array that they were inne, >And at a knyght than wol I first bigynne.   Chaucer, Canterbury Tales"	6
"When the cat was put down, I told him either I was moving out, or he was moving out. He decided he would leave, and he signed the lease over to me. Same with all the other bills.  What's happened between then and now? He's gone, no one knows where he is really, and I am trying to move on with my life. I have a child on the way and that is what I am trying to focus on."	6
"You can meet single women looking for men in every city, state, province of your area. It is a common thing to find single women seeking men these days. Online dating sites are the way to meet such ladies."	6
"We’re a community of individuals that discuss, share and inspire each other. We live and breathe a shared value of outstanding service, and provide representatives, like you, the support they need to grow and run their business successfully.  "	6
"The little progress indicator is not a modal popup: you can interact with the window and drag other files while the first one is going.  I quite often have multiple file copies (or, less commonly) moves going on within the same window."	6
"Am I alone in kind-of enjoying The Spirit?  I found it so campy and over-the-top that it was hysterically funny, although for the life of me I couldn't tell you what Miller's actual intentions for it were.  "	6
[Traditionally only has been one way preventing incoming connections.] (http://compnetworking.about.com/od/windowsxpnetworking/a/windowsfirewall.htm)Stupidly they forgot that in windows XP firewall. Not sure about windows 7. Zonealarm also checks with you before each application tries to make outgoing connections.	6
"At university, I was never taken aback by professors citing Al-Qaeda as ‘the perfect example of globalisation’. It’s a statement intended to throw a first year off – How could this supposedly anti-modern (in the Western sense), anti-capitalist movement possibly embody what is the inevitable outcome of an interconnected, capitalist world?"	6
"> Are Music CDs next?  This happened a long time ago, across all major US retailers.  Best Buy drastically cut the number of titles they stock years ago.  Target, Wal-Mart, Sears, and KMart only ever stocked new releases and greatest-hits from mainstream artists.  When DVDs took off, retailers further cut CD shelf-space."	6
Well - somebody decided 30 or so years ago that it was offensive and should only be used to describe inanimate objects - not people.  Prior to that it was no different than using Asian is today.  I respect the offensiveness of the word but I don't fully understand the logic behind this one.	6
"I saw this hate page where they say the sun is going to exterminate us because of our failure to make restitution for the abominations of our great founding fathers, but it was the stuff about the hieroglyphs and pyramids that got my attention. "	6
"we played a game called ""suicide"". Basically throwing a little blue ball against the handball courts as hard as we could. When the ball bounced back and you dropped it while trying to catch it, you had to touch the wall. While running to the wall you get punched."	6
When you turn 16 you're allowed to start practice-driving. When you turn 18 you're allowed to take the drivers license (on you're birthday if you can get an appointment with the test-giver) and drive the same day. When you turn 18 you're also allowed to go to bars and drink whatever you want. However you're not allowed to buy alcohol outside a bar until you're 20.	6
"It is nice to know ahead of time if the plane is delayed so you can leave later, inform your driver , tell your colleague you'll be late and have time for a more relaxed meal if your connection is not on time."	6
My grandmother has this disease and was found wandering the streets in someone else's clothes with a garbage bag on her head.  She has also hidden several important documents that we can no longer find.	6
"It is!  For best effect, if you can find a place to do so where you won't be heard (unless you're into that kind of thing) you should read at least some of it out loud. Send shivers down your spine, if you can do it right."	6
"Bradley Manning, the  U.S. Army soldier accused of leaking stuff to WikiLeaks, has spent the last seven months in solitary confinement while he awaits his court martial. He is probably having a bad time. "	6
"American Singles are very smart, nice, and friendly. They are smart in which they know how to find a life mate at online free dating sites. They are nice because they always help other people. They are friendly because they talk to all others with a smile all the times."	6
> He failed to get his job back after being sacked in January. His drinking led to problems with his partner and he spent the last few nights of his life sleeping in a storage shed at the bottom of the block of flats in which he lived.  That's fuckin' tragic. :(	6
"Just curious, how long did your mother have to wait to get medicare?  I've heard that it's a two year wait, from people who have been able to get it.  I've also heard that there are exceptions (e.g. end stage renal disease)."	6
"I worked for just over $5/hour when I was in HS (late 90's / early '00s), and I must say, that weekly check was quite nice.  The job that I did (cashier) is now rapidly being replaced by machines ... which probably wouldn't happen as fast, if the minimum wage were lower (those machines are expensive)."	6
"Thuh pr*eye*mate eenterayacts with ahther pr*eye*mates eeyan a nuhmba uh whys, but chieflee among theyem awr dominance ritchuals, seyegnallin' stayatis to the uthas fawr beyest selekshun of femayales ayand a meashuh uh respeykt fom the utha mayales.  Thiyis wuhks in civilahsed culcha juyust the same as it wuhks in the junga, people."	6
"It helps keeping the saliva out of the mic, but the main reason to use it is avoiding some plosive sounds (from instance, the ""p"") putting too much stress on the mic and creating an audible ""pop"".  It's call a pop filter. Wikipedia explains it better.  (Edited to fix a problem with reddit syntax)"	6
"Amazing. We only had something light for breakfast before trying the challenge for lunch, knowing what lay before us.  Unfortunately, the challenge then preceded a four hour drive that resulted in a lot of stops for more water due to feeling incredibly dehydrated."	6
"A musica do vídeo está disponível no site do projecto e pode ser descarregada gratuitamente. Registe-se (é rapido) e participe na maior causa de sempre, a manutenção da nossa casa tal como a conhecemos. Vejo a vídeo abaixo, continue a ler.   "	6
">>As soon as I stopped struggling with trying to find someone and just let it go, the Universe delivered exactly what I was wanting.  A parallel concept for this is that when a student is ready, a teacher will appear.    "	6
"At weapons plus we have a range of quality mixed martial arts gear fight shorts, MMA gloves, head guards and rash guards at discounted prices. We are buying all our MMA products direct so we can pass on the savings to our customers. "	6
"Are you sure it's a letter they are talking about and not the scene in the movie Weatherman where Nicholas Cage is talking to his daughter?   Sorry, about the clip, it's the only thing I could find with the audio in it."	5
"Muzikantai Raimundas (nuotraukoje kairėje) ir Virginijus (nuotraukoje dešinėje)  Žiūkai groti ir koncertuoti pradėjo 1985 metais, turėdami vos 14 metų, kaip ir jų tėtis Petras  (nuotraukoje centre), taip pat groti vestuvėse pradėjo turėdamas 14 metų. Tėtis, buvo puikus muzikantas, turėjo puikų balsą ir publikos nuotaikos pajautimą, tai Raimundas ir Virginijus..."	5
"Though I'm close with my parents and my brother, I never thought I'd be so happy to also consider myself adopted. To all you who think you'll never find love, all I can say is be patient (clue...I'm in my 40s, so it took a fair amount of patience) and be open...you never know."	5
"Providing cheap badminton rackets, mountain bikes, tent sale, adult sleeping bags, cricket bats, protective gear, horse saddles, riding boots for sale, fishing pole, football boots, England football shirts, golf bag, British lions rugby shirts, rugby boot, ski clothing, ski boots, surfboards, cheap wetsuits, tennis rackets, exercise plates and multi gyms for sale. "	5
I wonder how Reddit has evolved..this was submitted two years ago with a 54% upvote ratio. The latest one is sitting at 80% at the moment!   http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/cfyff/this_guy_took_a_polaroid_of_himself_every_day/	5
"I will admit to being part of the problem.  Whenever I encounter someone (any age) clearly having encountered new technology, I explain to them that its voice activated/operated.  I have left many people yelling demands at photocopiers, bank machines and self checkouts.  Yes, I'm kidding...mostly."	5
"I have a serious question: Why do some people  (Presumably the British) say “Arse” instead of “Ass”? Is ass a dirty word and arse an expectable alternative? Here in the U.S. we say Ass, and it is perhaps the mildest of swear words. I think you can use the word ass in a rated G children’s movie. Can someone explain?"	5
This inspires me to put up my own sensory hologram channel when I'm 90. I'll relate funny anecdotes about using pay phones and give tips in case you're ever dropped into a DOS prompt on a legacy system.	5
"http://oscarmahan.livejournal.com  What we want from a relationship (and almost everything else in  life) is feelings. And the feeling that is worth pursuing is fulfillment.  Once you think of it that way, you realize that youre not looking for a particular kind of person, of a  certain height  "	5
"Lavender Avenue is looking forward to a very busy Holiday season!  We are booked into numerous Craft fairs and Markets all over the lower mainland in October, November and December. I will be posting a calendar of events on my website.   Hope to see you all there!  http://www.lavenderave.ca/"	5
"Slaughterhouse-Five. And carrzy went through the motions of checking it out and reading it, and thought it satisfied him - at the very least just for the moment. And it certainly was fascinating, and he thought it felt good to help out a deserving local public library. And life was good for a bit. So it goes. "	5
"Finally thought of a question.  If the writers decided that Vince Masuka was going to become a killer himself, what would your 'press name' be, your chosen MO, and would you like an epic finale to the season when Dexter found out?"	5
Christwire is a satirical website that publishes blog style articles that highlight perceived excesses of Un-christlike hypocritical Christian conservatives  Source: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Christwire	5
"When you say they are contributing to property taxes, do you mean by paying rent?  Can illegal aliens buy and own homes in the US? If so that's huge news to me.  I agree that they pay taxes - sales taxes. But not income tax, state, etc. unless I'm really missing something.  If you have a few sources I'm sure I'm not the only one who would be interested in doing some further reading."	5
"It doesn't come across as a hoax, though, and at least two of the people in the comment thread appear to have got it working.  On the other hand, one dude reports the exact problem we're predicting:  > I tried this... apparently it stops spinning after an unpredictable time duration (and sometimes restarts in the same unpredictable way)."	5
"Are we in economic recovery or just in another phase of the recession? As economists bicker about the facts as they see them, what can we do that will make a difference? This article asks some compelling questions that every business leader should be asking today, the answers pointing to what we can do as individuals to control our economic destiny"	5
"this is Albert Haynesworth'S favorate Brown Jersey,i like it very much. wearing it,you seems like a part of the team. the price is very competitive,pls don't loss this great chance. come on!!!don't hesitate anymore. "	5
"believe it or not I was not, I think it was just a bad line of ram, from what I've heard from others. These sticks were out of the the first rig I built when I was 15, and then passed down to my mom when I turned 16 and built another, no overclocking occurred in that case. My current one is a different story"	5
"> Isn't this referring to two different numbers?  You're correct but the point of this particular case is to state that the size of a page is equal to its index.  > |x| always meant the positive version of integer x, is there another use of this that I'm not aware of?  Yes, in formal language theory, people often use |u| to denote the length of a string. "	5
"PRO TIP: If you want water at the movies just ask for a complementary cup. All theaters have it and it's FREE. Just say... ""Can I have a complementary cup of water, thanks""  Source: Used to work at concessions."	5
"Don't apologize!  If you can make yourself do it, call them back - you won't have to give your name and if nothing else you can unload all your fear and anger.  Save yourself anguish later on; doing that now ma help you later.  Please talk to someone."	5
"Your comment made me realize that although i always call it tri-tip, i have always spelled it tri-trip for some reason. I love tri-tip sandwiches. So simple to make. I like a buttered french roll, but garlic bread is amazing as well."	5
This guy I used to work with once opened a xmas present to find a pair of actual pig's ears. The reason: his parents wanted him to **listen**. The weird part is that his parents are both psychologists...	5
"Wait, Kel was in Battle of Los Angeles?  This might be worth a watch.  Though I haven't really watched any of these.  I've been scared off since I watched a god-awful version of War of the Worlds a few years back."	5
"If I remember correctly, A and B are codominant, and O is recessive, which is why it eventually ends up with AB as the best one to be for receiving donations, and O being the best for donating. Also, it would suck to have O blood if you need a transfusion since people with that blood type are rarer."	5
"In French it's called colza, and they seem to grow it everywhere in France.  When in bloom the fields are an intense, almost impossibly saturated yellow.    Beautiful to look at, healthy to eat, source of biodiesel, crap name (well in English at least)."	5
"Aktuelle means something similar in German as well. My German textbook in high school was.. I think _Deutsch Aktuelle_ although it could have been _Aktuelle Deutsch_, as in ""German as it is spoken now""."	5
"If you get a hefty spoon, you won't see damage. It works along the same logic that people use when they diamond coat edges. The harder surface is never the one that get's scratched. And compared to what spoons are made out of, silver is extremely soft."	5
"hey but can't you change what reddits you view...  how about something like de-selecting reddits that are bothering you like funny, wtf, and pics?  as a noob i might be wrong about this.    it does seem to be going downhill of late.  i will attempt to make more worthwile comments.  "	5
"Mike Jittlov sent me a postcard once! I had it for years and years.  And I grew up with one of the Kelly Freas posters on the wall in my and my sisters' room.  I'm quite sure that growing up with that movie has subtly altered the person that I am.  (Also, one of my uncles is totally right up front in the costumed party scene at the end.)"	5
"It's cool that Jim Davis (whom, if I'm not mistaken, has become a *billionaire* off of Garfield) is cool with G-G.  In fact, there's a G-G book published, with Jim Davis' participation and sanctioning, with the original strips shown as well as the G-G version.    Pretty cool, really. I would have expected most artists to just sue his ass off."	5
"Pheromax for Men is a German designed pheromone cologne which has been long over looked in North America. Among those familiar with the Pheromax brand, it has long carried much respect and has become synonymous with “quality.”"	5
"The Chrysler-Mitsubishi joint venture was ended quite a while ago.  Diamond Star Motors was the result of building a car factory in Normal, IL.  The same factory is now called Mitsubishi Motors of America.  I think they split their relationship in the early 2000s."	5
"Website for parents of children with special needs in India. Information about Autism, ADHD, Hyperactivity, Learning disability, Speech therapy, Occupational therapy, Special education etc in Chennai, India"	5
"I'd recommend adding a ""start date"" for each individual assignment. I use Getting Things GNOME! for the purpose of keeping track of my assignments, and I like being able to put a start date for each assignment so I won't see it until it's the right time. It also allows for ""Work View"" which shows only assignments that are past the start date and aren't finished yet."	5
"Do you have a laser pointer? Go out at night into nature where it's as dark as in a cockpit at night and get a friend to shine it into your eyes from 300ft away. Your eyes might get fucked, though, so better start with 3000ft and move down until it starts to hurt."	5
"Something fascinates me about this time of my day and I suspect that the wonder is a product of its predictability. The sun does this every day, rising within a few degrees of latitude and as the seasons pass, discomfort with the heat turns to welcome. If I were Mayan perhaps I could chart the travels of the sun but I doubt that even the Mayans could chart the whims of this cat."	5
"For the last 3 or 4 years I’ve been holding these workshops in various production cities around the US and Canada. I haven’t made it to Orlando, nor to Atlanta, before. So, I’m excited about the prospects in these two cities."	5
Saw this in 1984 ? on SBS TV in Australia. It was at the time the one of the first films to have been Made in Martinique that got critical Acclaim. Additional Links http://www.eng.fju.edu.tw/worldlit/caribbean/sugar.htmlhttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Joseph_Zobel http://alsolikelife.com/shooting/?p=131	5
"You have no idea how happy this makes me. Congrats on being a writer. The majority of people don't understand the absolute balls it takes to take an idea, put it on paper, and have it judged. Walk tall my new found friend and drink it in. I'm not far behind you but well played!!!"	5
"the faster you go the more time dilates, so going at 99.9% the speed of light to Alnilam, 1340 light years away will only age you about 40 years while on Earth over 3200 years will have gone by  edit: should clarify this is for a return trip"	5
"There are many situations in daily life when it would be valuable to have the ability to pick up the phone and call a lawyer for advice about absolutely any legal matter without having to consider the cost first. With no obligation, you can learn more by visiting my website http://www.prepaidlegal.com/hub/johnwatson  "	5
"Tell me about it. My boyfriend has a fair bit of rhythm but is ultimately just a total white dude and somewhat shy, so he turns that shyness into campiness on the dance floor. But it's awesome. He's just goofy and fun and it's a huge relief to be with someone who doesn't care what anyone thinks of him!"	5
"You sir, are awesome.  For all the people who think you are weird for being proud of having a hot mom...they can just take a moment to think and reflect.  I did not get any Oedipal vibes from this either.   I am sorry you lost her, she was beautiful and a good person I'm sure."	5
"Stay out of the liquor cabinet. If you do break in stay off the tables. If you find yourself on the table don't begin taking your clothes off. If you begin stripping while drunk on the table, don't blow anyone. If you are drunk stripping and blowing guys in the back room, make sure there are no camera phones.  Jenna"	5
"Yeah, I still feel fear or surprise or disgust, etc... it's just not the same physiologically, I think.  I can even get startled if someone sneaks up behind me, for example.  It's hard to describe how it's different and like I said, I'm not *sure* it's related to the Addison's."	5
I heard some squeaking one night at work.... so I investigated &amp; two mice were stuck on a sticky trap....one mouse would try to pull free &amp; then bite the other mouse when it couldnt. It was a pretty messed up scene.	5
"Ah  > Miniature faking is a post-processing technique, which involves selectively blurring a photo to simulate the narrow depth of field found in macro photography and some tilt-shift photography, making the image appear to be of a miniature model."	5
"To be fair, he does pull that bit of hair down in front as well...           But he was a superhero before all the rest so I guess the glasses/hair were enough back then...           And he does have X-Ray vision so he could have worn pretty much anything he wanted without eye holes."	5
"I'm 36 and just found out (within the last year) that my mom didn't invent this.  All these years I though it was my mom's and my little breakfast secret but my wife made it about a year ago and I was a little shattered inside.  Mom called it ""eggs in a nest"". "	5
"the point of reCaptcha is that there is one word that they know, and one they don't  the word they don't know is taken from a book which they are trying to digitize, but they can't read one of the words.  if you get the word they know right, they assume you got the word they don't know right, so by filling in a reCaptcha, you're in fact helping them digitize books."	5
"I was interested to read this which was written by American, Steve Hunt who quite famously did an 8 month long holiday as one of his motorhome tours in Europe. Luxury Motorhome Hire, Motorhome Tours in Europe, Motorhome Rental by Owner, Motorhome Hire France, Christmas Breaks in England, Scotland Highlands Tour, Scotland Motorhome Hire Company, Hire Motorhome in Scotland"	5
"what kind of Jeep do you have? On some models (97 to 06 wranglers come to mind) if you turn the key on-off-on-off-on it will give you the codes in the odometer readout.   Also at any Auto Zone they'll read your codes for free, also you can buy an ODBII reader pretty inexpensively."	5
I mentioned it because wells fargo doesn't use exploding dye any longer. They use a wireless tracking device in one stack of dummy money. After you leave the cops just come right to you. The jammer defeats this and has the added bonus of messing with cell signals. The jammer would have to be pretty large to jam all cells in the building though.	5
http://journals.aol.com/bballdvdsblog/basketball-dvds-blog/ Hello this is Basketball Tee from Basketball DVDS Blog!I normally write post and put up pictures but with video becoming the norm I decided to make one to tell what basketball dvds blog is all about.	5
"have a friend who says he was in a hospital when the nurse sheepishly called for the family of ""Shithead Smith"".  after a couple f tries, a woman from the back yelled "" It's Shhuh-THAAYED""!  true or not, I always thoght it was funny, and sadly plausible."	5
"I'm being sued for $2600 for a bad debt, but the rest of my credit accounts (large student loans, private loans, credit cards, all with high balances) are up-to-date and current. Would you hire me? Just curious here."	5
I'm not autistic but I have lots of sensory irritations.  Noise especially do it for me but so do candles at the table when eating.  I also happen to get occasional migraine headaches and heard that migraine sufferers also had a part of their brain which was over-developed.	5
"BGAN service is way to expensive, I would suggest VSAT  http://www.vsat-systems.com/  The terminal itself is much more expensive (I just bought a new BGAN terminal for $16,000, a VSAT terminal is upwards of $50,000) but it is flat rate access, unlike inmarsat where you pay per bit, and you can reach T1 speeds."	5
"Nice. I ordered them as business cards through VistaPrint, hence the goofy traffic cones (it was one of their pre-built artwork choices). Sorry the quality on the JPG isn't very good, I assume they do that on purpose so people don't just print cards themselves."	5
"It amazes me how spread out WW II was.  Seriously, Palau is in the middle of fucking nowhere and still there were battles going on there.  I believe there were U-Boats off the coasts of North and South America as well, not to mention the random battles in North Africa and Burma, stuff that doesn't get much press compared to Europe.  I'm surprised they didn't make it to Australia."	5
"That is just putting things back the way they are  I am sure we could develop some kind of device that would allow us to talk to each other without a central control point or physical infrastructure. A distributed network without the need for cabling    I need to think about this but I have an idea for a cool name. ""Citizen's Banned"" or CB for short.    "	5
kimura san wa nannensei desuka? what grade are you in kimura?  rekishi is history.. so you can say.. dono kurasu ga sukidesuka? kurasu in katakana... which translates to which class do you like?  you can ask nansai desuka? which translates to how old are you?  dunno what the next one is asking...  last one can be sumimasen.. ima nanji desuka? which means what time is it.	4
"Download Asus M60Vp Chipset Driver with Intel Core2 Duo Processor like T9550/P8700/P8600/P8400/P7450/P7350/T6600/T6400/T5900/T5800 version. This driver use to Windows Vista Ultimate, Business, Genuine Home Premium and Home Basic,"	4
Sea Change* - Beck  *Illinois* - Sufjan Stevens  *Heavier Things* - John Mayer  *Hell Hath No Fury* - Clipse  *Illmatic* - Nas  *Black on Both Sides* - Mos Def  *From Here We Go Sublime* - The Field  *Reminder* - Feist  *Be* - Common	4
..  O======8  ..  O=====8  ..  O====8  ..  O===8  ..  O==8  ..  O=8  ..  O8  ..  O=8  ..  O==8  ..  O===8  ..  O====8  ..  O=====8  ..  O======8  ..  O=======8  ..  O<=======8  ; )  ..  O~<=======8  <---- v	4
"If you're talking spirits, there was this post yesterday   http://www.reddit.com/r/howto/comments/dzrzq/how_to_distill_your_own_alcohol_without_having_to/    There's also both a http://www.reddit.com/r/homebrewing and a http://www.reddit.com/r/homebrew.  The former has some useful links on the right hand side."	4
"That's pretty neat! The coolest thing I ever found was an old Dr. Pepper Can that was a pull-tab kind sitting in the crook of a tree like someone had just set it there. I left it there, too, it'd already been there that long."	4
"If I had to guess, I'd say it's a partial system failure. Surely Reddit uses redundant systems to keep up with the regular activity. Perhaps a part of the system has gone down, but due to its redundant nature we still have a working Reddit.  Assuming this is the case, then Reddit's maintainers have done their job and you still have a Reddit to go to when you're bored."	4
"Holy crap! I never thought I would see someone who works at HEB on this site. I worked there from the time I was 16-22. I recently quit as an ASM and bookkeeper (Got a real job after graduating.) Hope all is well, which store are you at?"	4
"I scrolled down to the very end (~27 pages), extracted the generated HTML, used a couple of regex replacements and fed it into wget - it's working a treat. It's already 350MB though, and my upload sucks."	4
"Future XKCD comic in the making.  Slide 1: Girl: Hey what are you doing?  Guy: Starting a new Vote down if... thread.  Slide 2: Girl: Vote down if? How will that accomplish anything?  Guy: I'm betting that people are tired of pointless threads and will do the opposite of what the title asks.  Slide 3:  +1438 points  *random comment from thread* ""Upvoted for ""Vote down if"". "	4
"seo,seo analiz,backlink,index,pr,alexa,google backlink,yahoo,backlink,bing backlink,alexa backlink,google index,yahoo index,bing index,dmoz,digg,delicious,reddit,technorati,stumbleupon,günlük rapor,seo rapor,seo ölç,seo değerlendir,site seo durumu"	4
"58-Inch Plasma, 1080p, NEO PDP Panel which is brighter, Full-time 1080p TV lines of moving picture resolution, 3 HDMI, Native contrast ratio 40,000:1, Dynamic contrast infinite black 2,000,000:1, Game Mode, Anti Reflective Filter, 600 Hz Subfield Drive"	4
"What decision the brain should make based on the information it has available is to take the right way.       Taking the right way makes it so a total of 6 people are killed, 10 peoples chances of survivial increase, and a war without war crimes comensces.      Taking the left means that 6 people are killed and a war with war crimes commences. "	4
"Hey man, Thanks for keeping us all posted! I kept coming back regularly and checking for updates.   Now, I know a bunch of Redditors out there are all athiest and what not.. but just to let you know, I was praying for you and your family."	4
"Had no issues upgrading from Xp - Vista - Win7 on the same machine. It took QUITE awhile for the conversion, and I now have 2 of ""My ..."" folders which I fight with a bit.  The library feature helps in this case.  It did the upgrade without issue though."	4
"I've used http://tvcatchup.com/ for a few months now, works well for streaming Freeview channels for free. Only restriction seems to be one connection per (UK) IP address. Is there any reason for me to switch to these feeds?"	4
"It feels like I just got Rick Rolled, with a green screen.  I was thinking ""OK, so he's gonna jump out the way at the last minute or something, but what the FUCK, THE TRAIN IS GONNA HIT THE CAR AND DERAIL AND DOZENS WILL BE KILLED IN A MASS OF FLYING TWISTED METAL."""	4
"I've saved this picture and I'm going to use it for inspiration.  I went from 290 to 220, but I'm back up to 240. Winter weight I guess. I'm moving into a new place on the 1st. I think that will be a good day to start actually doing groceries and going for walks."	4
"I want to hang a map of the world in my house, and then I’m gonna put pins into all the locations that I’ve traveled to. But first I’m gonna have to travel to the top two corners of the map so it won’t fall down."	4
"Washing clothes in white vinegar does a pretty good job.  It's also pretty good at removing general odors on fabrics and furniture.  It will just evaporate away.    I'm not sure if it would work for smoke, but the remedy for getting rid of skunk odor is 1/4c baking soda, 1L of hydrogen peroxide, 1 tea spoon of dish soap.  Wash things with this mixture that you are sure you can rinse off"	4
"Gogol Bordello. If you count their EP as an album, they just released their 6th (7th if you count their collaboration with Tamir Muskat). I think you would miss out on a lot if you cut them off now. Their new album is pushing in a new direction and I'm looking forward to see where it leads. "	4
"Now small fowls flew screaming over the yet yawning gulf; a sullen white surf beat against its steep sides; then all collapsed, and the great shroud of the sea rolled on as it rolled five thousand years ago."	4
IBM labs in Zurich are about to shrink a supercomputer processor down to the size of a sugar cube making it 50% more efficient than present supercomputers. Predicted by Sunstroke author David Kagan and logged in Doomwatch Legacy.	4
"Jesus saves!  Throws out to Moses!  Moses passes to David!  David back to Moses!  Moses to Forlan, Forlan across the goal to Abraham, he shoots!  Malfoy jumps!  He missed the block!  GOOOOOOAAAAALL!!  BBBBZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZ"	4
Have you actually taken that xdm out to the range yet? If so I would love to hear what you think about it... I have a USP45 and have been thinking of picking up one of those new/modular SIG 250's for summertime carry.	4
"I started donating platelets a while ago, went into the donate whole blood and they had a no show for a platelet appointment and needed someone to give platelets so the disposable parts of the machine wouldn't go to wast as they were already in the machine.  I have been donating platelets ever since there is some sort of antibody i don't have that makes my blood appealing  ."	4
"Dive Watch Online Reviews - Top Dive Watch Brands include Citizen Watches, Seiko Watches, Reactor Watches, Navy SEAL Watches, Pulsar Watches, Luminox Watches and Swiss Army Watches. Men dive watches and Women dive watches. "	4
"Locksmith for Frisco. Summit Lock provides 24 locksmith services for Frisco. So if your in need of a locksmith in Frisco call Summit Lock. Summit Lock and Key 970-409-8037. Your Frisco CO Locksmith. 24hr Service ! Lockouts, Lost keys, Rekeys, Sales, Installation &amp; Repair. Fast Response !"	4
"I'm from Australia and I'm confused.  What happens when:  * You're a US citizen * Without health insurance * Without much money * And a hideous potentially fatal disease or injury  I think I already know what the answer may be, but I just want to double-check because I'm really confused how this could be what happens."	4
"Senator Anthony Bucco, a member of the Senate Budget and Appropriations Committee, expressed concern today after seeing a poll of NJBIA members that shows employer health-care costs have doubled in just six years. "	4
"I haven't seen the new South Park, but I heard the idea that everything someone loves sounds like shit to someone else.  Sounds pretty solid to me.  Not everyone loves the Kinks or Television or Fugazi."	4
I would expect them to be cool with it as long as you pay for it. As a surfer myself I would be willing to pay extra to get my board to where I want it. If there is another airline use that one and be sure to let British Airways know why you are taking an alternate airline.	4
"I'll upload the pics in a few minutes. I don't think anyone related the lyrics to the ones before it, but I'll let everyone else decide if Lady Marmalade is a good follow up to Scratch the Pitch by Guano Apes."	4
"VK Verma &amp; Co has distinct Audit Related, Tax Advisory &amp; Compliance, Corporate Regulatory Law, Foreign Exchange Law, Foreign Investment Approval, Company Law, Arbitration Services, BPO, Subsidiary, Outsourcing, Government Approval &amp; International Taxation etc."	4
"I know there will be negative and positive feed back on this subject, but let's have some feed back. If we get a  million positive brothers and sistas if they can see how this will help us all then the job is comolete!!"	4
Just wondering if there aren't any special police forces in america for big protests like occupy wallstreet?  In Germany for example protesters have to face police forces like shown on this picture: http://i.imgur.com/yVpRe.jpg with bodyarmor etc.	4
I work at a call center for a major Canadian bank that is generally regarded to be the industry leader (in Canada) for telphone customer service. Our call volumes fluctuate in the extreme based on a complex number of variables; we do our very best to predict call volumes but in a lot of cases it's basically impossible.	4
"I'm a rural mail carrier now (pretty sweet job), but back in the day when I did a walking route that was 12 miles long I had a old mentally handicapped fellow that would sit on his front porch every day around 2pm and wait for me to get there. He'd always have an entire walmart bag filled with frozen bottles of water, and 2-3 sodas. EVERY DAY. That man was AMAZING. I miss him :-( "	4
"That reminds me of a famous photo of my chunky Italian friend when he was six or seven. Red bow tie, cheeks blown out to here. Whenever we'd go over to his house and see that picture on his family's piano, we'd always say in our best Italian fat boy impression, ""But mister, please! I want ALL the meat balls!""  I guess you'd have to hear it to laugh."	4
"Senators John Kerry, a democrat from Massachusetts, and Jay Rockefeller, a democrat from West Virginia, both recently vowed their support for the Federal Communications Commission’s National Broadband Plan, which it announced on March 17."	3
"Welcome, friend.  You will not be harmed here.  We are a peaceful people who only seek enlightenment, truth, and laughter.    For your next submission you will need to be more prepared.  Please bring a drink of your choice, a snack, lube, drugs, towel, butthurt ointment, wit, and for fuck's sake don't be boring."	3
"www.lblogdirectory.com – is a free website directory site that offers website directory submission, blog submission. Submit your site or blog and in free submission website directory for instant approval."	3
came here to comment and post a pic about how my work filtered msworddit 2 days after I first started (sparingly) using it. Pretty sure I'm the only redditor in the office as well. But alas i'm not special :(	3
"I've helped raise a couple of guide dogs in the puppy stage, when they're still just being socialized.  Your story brought tears to my eyes.  Even though I raised with a different foundation, I'm glad to know the extent to which these dogs have an impact.  Thank you."	3
"A flash game that was ported to PC that was ported to PS3 that was ported to Android.   Like Angry Birds sorta.  Play survival water levels with as few plants as needed (Sun, spikes, and corn maybe?) and fill the rest of your inventory with water plants. "	3
"C'mon people, keep reddiquette in mind! You may disagree with him, but he clearly makes a valid point that is entirely relevant to the discussion, and has the possibility to open up other discussions. You, OscarMiguelRamirez deserve an upvote."	3
"Are you searching to find a cure to tinnitus? If so then you will be happy to discover the wide variety of choices open to you. There are prescription drugs, herbal treatments, lifestyle and dietary changes, as well as other techniques that are all known to produce positive changes in tinnitus sufferers."	3
"“Attendance Online” the unique ecampus management solution will track and monitor students’ attendance, academic performance, feedback from teachers and a variety of related behaviours. Vydehi Institute of Medical Sciences and Research Centre, Bangalore, has recently implemented this biometric campus management application"	3
"That's exactly what I did...I had an old Mac (remember those  ones that came out in green, blue, purple, etc?) and Apple stopped supporting OS 9, so I put Ubuntu linux on it. It's great...I got to keep using an old computer and learn a little about Linux at the same time. "	3
"Do you know the opinion of the Tibetans in regards to the Chinese selected Panchen Lama? Do they actually have any respect for him or do they completely disregard him and still consider the missing one, the real one? "	3
You really really need to re-read your source and educate yourself. I seriously question your reading comprehension skills. If the words don't make sense to you (it's alright there are some big ones in there) perhaps you should google FRED. There the FED provides the economic numbers in question in easy to interpret graphical format.	15
"LOL. Because there are ""liberals"" somewhere in the electorate who say stupid shit, you think this is equivalent to mainstream elected representatives that are even more batshit insane going off? How are those terror babies going? What about the FEMA camps? Repeal the 14th? Jesus H. Fucking Christ! Look to your own ""brethren"" and sort them out before you try to"	15
"Women VOTE. And that's what will win this war on reproductive rights that have been in place since the 60's They are smarter than any man will ever be, and when these Tea-Publi-KKK-ans, and Evangelical 'Christians' want to tell women what to do with their OWN bodies,..."" the shit shalt hittith the fan."" ~Doxydad1:1-3"	15
"Funny, you can't grasp the point. Both are stupid absolute ignorant statements. What's funny is that they ""Literally hate"" as opposed to what figuratively, philosophically? Moreover, to harbor that much hatred for someone they have never been able to get to know makes a negative statement about them. Such anger, over what? They likely don't understand the iss"	15
"> Having a personal moral justification for breaking the law doesn't make you immune from the consequences Just like MLK Jr. and other famous Civil Rights leaders deserved to be imprisoned, right? Or does your logic only follow when you're attempting to counter the societal counter-culture, as per usual on Reddit?"	15
"Sadly in Florida these sacks of shit with ebt cards eat better then me.. I see the stuff they buy that I can't afford(lobster as long as it isn't precooked. Steaks and shit me and my wife consider a treat. I call them sacks of shit because here in Florida they will literally hold ""meeting"" and talk about ways to take advantage of the system."	15
"TIL defeating the Evil Empire and rescuing humanity from the brink of thermonuclear annihilation makes you a shitty president. O, I see. This joker is a marxist, so he thought the militaristic expansion of international communism was a good plan. Someone tell the North Koreans how lucky they are that capitalism didn't destroy their society like South Korea"	15
">$150B every year If you want to scare ignorant voters into supporting gibberish like the prevention of climate change, then you should make up a much larger figure than chump change like ""$150B every year."" The U.S. GDP is like $18 trillion, for fuck's sake. Then again, who am I to tell the government how to run a propaganda campaign?"	15
Do you guys seriously need some sort of bizarre conspiracy fantasy as an excuse to fight against the US government? They seem to be doing a pretty terrible job at plenty of entirely obvious and not at all secret things already. If you really want to change your country for the better and not just fetishise conspiracies maybe you should go and whine about somet	15
"PLuueeeze, the unions say jump and demwits just say how high? the rest of America doesn't care about demwit self serving interests ( Get a clue the last elections). that the pilot union doesn't want pilots to be searched is too bad, maybe they should get other jobs? SEARCH ALL PILOTS!!!!! see ya cupcake!!!"	15
"Wow, you have one huge axe to grind. You can pick and choose insane quotes from every religion. All religions have extremist. That column was written by some fuckhead who should be investigated by the Secret Service. You also need to realize that not every Jew even likes Israel. Hell, some are militantly against it. tl;dr fuck off, sorry that you're butthurt"	15
Ha. I've never seen the tea party calling for lynching. And neither have you. But I did see this...uh...that would be considerably left of the tea party. http://www.thebigfeedblog.com/2011/02/left-and-civil-discourse.html And the examples go on and on. But you're not really interested in learning about them...are you?	15
"That is utter bull. There was absolutely compromise. There is no single-payer system. The PPACA sets up exchanges that plenty of the republicans wanted years ago. There is no other way to slice PPACA. It is middle of the road legislation. Anyone who thinks it is not, either has another agenda other than passing healthcare legislation, or is a radical on eith"	15
"I get the feeling the GOP front-runners are playing a game of ""Who can be most unelectable candidate and still pretend to be seriously running for President."" Giuliani's mistress gets secret service protection. Romney's a fascist and *proud* to say it. Huckabee never meet a dollar he didn't stuff in his back pocket, but he wants you to know that Jesus says he"	15
"Well, we already know you're an idiot, so your judgment of temperament is not reliable nor is your ability to deduce anything that has any grounding in reality. You're the one who clearly doesn't know what a scam is. Despite all of this, you didn't even bother refuting even ONE of the arguments I made in the previous comment. You simply asked a bunch rhetorical"	15
"Yes, I stopped reading when you said they should be focusing on drug X instead of your preferred drug Y. Looks like you've since edited the text, but I still disagree with the original statement. I absolutely disagree with the drug war, so I do agree we should abolish it. HOWEVER, they what they are doing is in keeping with current legislation."	15
"Viability at 23 weeks is less than 20%. True viability does not occur until 26 to 27 weeks. But then, that's science, and when I google the things you've said, I find no scientific proof ANYWHERE, but a good deal of religious pro life pamphlets spewing the same lies. Go home and leave my wife alone, you fucking lying troll."	15
"Agreed - the title of this piece is rage-inducing to me. There's absolutely no way that fucker Zimmerman can claim defense under stand-your-ground laws, and if he can then the laws are broken in Florida. The laws have nothing to do with chasing an unarmed kid down the street then shooting holes in them."	15
Did you read it? Did you ever personally go through the process? Here's how you get off the no fly list.. Gawsh that's so hard.... http://www.dhs.gov/dhs-trip Edit: The fact you didn't even know the process or proper agency to contact yet get upvoted where I get downvoted for knowing it speaks volumes on this fucking site. I seriously don't know why I ev	15
"Exactly. Before this piece of excrement gets downvoted to oblivion, let's reflect fully that Republicans have been in charge of this country **for years.** Everything they touch seems to turn to complete shit: Iraq, Katrina, Guantanamo Bay, WMDs, firing prosecutors, stealing elections, ant-gay legislation from gay sex soliciting Republican senators....and now"	15
"1. BS Chemistry, halfway through PhD 2. Took macroecon in college and I stay up-to-date with current events 3. what does macroeconomics have to do with the discussion? You clearly can't argue with the raw data I posted, so instead you assume I'm some tea bagger that listens to Rush Limbaugh. I doubt you even have a passing association with a functioning brain."	15
"At last the sham-campaign becomes crystal clear. Ron Paul is another in a long line of white, male, Christian Conservative Republicans from Texas, exactly like any of the others. Bush the third. Anybody who supports Wrong Paul at this point is qualified to apply for disability, because they *are* mentally retarded."	15
"Am I the only person annoyed by this? Akin is scum and he deserves to be called out for his reprehensible position, but that ""legitimate rape,"" phrase isn't the thing he should be criticized for. It's so obvious that he meant ""actual rape"" not ""acceptable rape"" but everyone pretends it's the latter. It just bugs me when people go after the right target but"	15
READ THE RULES IT IS NOT EDITORIALIZED WHEN IT ACCURATELY PORTRAYS THE CONTENT OF THE STORY MORONIC MOORE LOVER Plus Reddit tells you to editorialize. You are submitting a link. The key to a successful submission is interesting content and a descriptive title. Reddit = Censorship of Conservative thinking at its best. So much for their belief in protecting fr	15
"kiss my ass, apologist for shit. I've been there and never want to return. It reeks of 18th century vileness, and I don't care what you think about it. You're partisan and butthurt that your community belongs in the middle ages. Sorry, but my freedom of thought trumps the fact that you live in a cage."	15
"History never repeats itself and powerful people are always looking out for the common man. Thanks for clearing up geo-politics. Maybe I'll go put on a 'tin foil hat' or 'take my meds' and then talk about 'lizard people'. I provided perfectly legitimate historical examples for my beliefs, all you did was call me a name and tell me I'm crazy. Good Job!"	15
"That has to be the most hilariously (and disturbingly) ass-backward Evangelical viewpoint. So God is all-seeing and all-knowing and such, but he can basically be duped into starting armegeddon early? Or is it that we're supposed to show that we're really super serious about joining him in heaven by completely destroying the earth?"	15
"That's bullshit. It is *not* reasonable at all to vote against something you haven't had a chance to read, nor is it reasonable to vote for a law you haven't read. An uninformed vote is a wrong vote, no matter whether its for or against. Just read the damn law already, it's your job and thatrs what you were elected for."	15
"NO! You see, **those** give large pharmaceutical corporations money! Marijuana is a recreational hallucinogen! That **doesnt** give corporations money! They must be put away for as long as possible if they are caught doing something that harms no other people! (unless they are rich, the rich can drive drunk, and rape their own children and get away with no jail"	15
They are born on third base and think they hit a triple. They just don't get that they have opportunities and luxuries normal people do not have. Like when Romney said you can borrow money from your parents to go to college. Fucking asshole.....my parents were borrowing from me when I was in college.	15
"I never said I'm a republican. Heck I'm not even a American (thank goodness). I laugh at the ultra left wing here (FYI, Obama's politics are more right wing than the most right wing party here). The left wing here saw him as the big black magic negro that would safe us all. I smile all day now at your misfortune. America: Shit tier."	15
"uh...they buy votes by promising to steal from the producers of this country and give it to the people who produce nothing? which is redistribution, which his socialism. wtf kind of stupid question is that? pretty amazing...the mindjob these people have done to so many of you. can't see the forest for the trees."	15
"either admit the war on drugs was a waste of money or use the same tactics to persecute the criminals on wall street. how's it go again? talk to the little fish, harass em. then find out where the big fish sleep so you can take em out in a big, public sting. apparently our government lost its appetite for criminal prosecution, convenient timing, no?..."	15
"Sorry, I don't vote for criminal political parties run by outright war criminals and torturers. That means I won't vote for Democrats or Republicans. > ""I'd rather vote for something I want and not get it, than vote for something I don't want and get it."" -- Eugene Debs, the socialist presidential candidate who received 6% of the votes for president while sitt"	15
Can you name a single congress person who has voted against their party over the last 10 years more than Paul? Can you name a single congressmen who has voted against their party throughout their career more than Paul over the last 20 years? I bet you can't. Perhaps you should go back to arguing over evolution or something which is a little harder to shoot yo	15
"This rotten human mime would denounce breathing if PBO supported it. Fact is, Internet neutrality is imperative if we are to keep the medium free of manipulative chicanery and it is far too important to reward corruptive ISPs with its control. This one folks is big. I am taking names of those in Congress who are willing to cave and hand our priceless marvel for"	15
"Go ahead and show them. Show me the examples where competition doesn't exist as a result of the free market, and not because some dickhead lobbyist influenced legislation somehow to stifle it. You can't. It's people like YOU who are thick. I am blatantly inviting you to show me an example where the free market produced a monopoly that was immune to competit"	15
"So you're telling me that when Paul screamed to everyone about wanting to know if drones were permitted on our soil, while not one Democrat gave a flying fuck, he's the one that we have to worry about? Man you people are so delusional, and manipulated, I'm surprised you haven't died from internal bleeding from having your head shoved so far up your ass."	15
"I've been wondering this for a while now. Why aren't they just shoving pounds of C4 up their ass. It seems like an obvious move to me. They wouldn't even need a make-shift fuse. They'd just need to shove that up their ass also. I'm no terrorist, but I were, I'd spend weeks planning by practicing shoving things up my ass. --- Just think of how much dam"	15
"I dont like Rush Limbaugh &amp; Fox News because they are right wing whacko nutjobs, and on the other side of the coin I seen some leftist liberal trash that shown plainly they have their own brand of whacko ideas too... one thing is for certain there is a lack of common sense in the USA, and that makes me not proud to be an American anymore..."	15
"I'm a friend of G_D. You are an enemy of Israel and a useful idiot for Amalek-- the violent, hateful arabs! Perhaps skinheads should be allowed to have celebrations on the grounds of Auschwitz? They would love to dance on Jewish bones. Perhaps they will dance on ours! Now I have better things to do than argue with a naive pup."	15
"Oh fucking christ, are you serious? You are doing the same very fucking thing the Republicans are doing, only with the leftist escapes, i.e. healthcare and other bullshit like gay marriage. He's a warmongering, murderer, but HEY GUYS IT OKAY, BECAUSE HE GIVES US ALL FREE HEALTH CARE AND FREE EDUCATION AND FREE STUFF FOR US!!!!!!!!!!!!!"	15
I'm a republican and I do not support Zimmerman. He is obviously a racist who was fixated with black people. As a black person who grew up with racism all of his life I hope he burns for it....slowly. I fail to see what this has to do with a son Obama never had. Notice Obama had nothing to say about this until weeks later.	15
"What are you doing *now?* Are you a republican? Are you listening to the idiot box? Are you rejecting reason and science? Are you buying plasma TVs and nurturing your nest egg? Are you complaining about how poor people cause all the world's problems? If so, you are a worthless goddamn shit who betrayed his ideals."	15
"You do know that the republicans are the ones who ran up the debt right? Bush started two unfunded wars and spent money like the world was going to end, he also created some of the biggest government departments in history but, now it's the Democrats to blame? It's to bad that all you teabaggers can't pull your heads out of their asses and see the light of da"	15
"Hmmm... kind of like I have to pay for welfare, fat people to get free quadruple bypasses, student fees at university when all I did was go to class, child-care services at my work, and Catholic schools? This guys needs to grow the fuck up. There are tons of things you have to pay for with your taxes that you don't like. So, vote for someone else or MOVE."	15
"Hrm, let's look at the post history of /u/BabyJesusClaus - > 1 link karma >-27 comment karma >... **redditor for 5 hours** ...and whining about *downvote brigades*. Methinks someone is a returning troll or yet another alt for the typical shills. As I stated before, deception is the stock &amp; trade for the anti-gun movement."	15
"We directly facilitated a violent overthrow of the Libyan government. Are you really going to claim that, because we didn't actually put boots on the ground, it doesn't count as war? So as long as it's just drones and bombs, it doesn't count as starting a war? It doesn't matter how many civilians we kill or what our end goal is? Wow, you guys really drank t"	15
">No, just a freedom loving American who believes a man should be able to start his own business and run it as he pleases (within the limits of the law) if the people he pays to do a job don't like it, they can fucking leave or start their own business. Can they form unions if they want or are you going to prevent them from exercising their right to free assemb"	15
"Nobama has not come clean on a lot, his college, his real birth place, his college student foreign aid, his religion, his claims in his books, his taxes before 2000, his law license, etc,etc... I would rather have a President who makes money, than a person who only knows how to spend, Nobama could blow up an onion sack... VOTE NEW IN NOvember !! #$%$ OR MORMON"	15
"Oh, I'm sorry, I didn't realize the rhetorical question had become a passe form of communication. I'll never ever make that mistake again mom. Finally, ""I'm to lazy to parse my way through the constitution and find if something i should *edit: have learned in grade school"" is what? a toxic part of america's education entitlement culture? willfull ignorance? Ha"	15
"And that's worse than ""go fuck yourself,"" how? Don't sling mud if you don't want shit rubbed in your face. At least I have evidence for all claims prior to that one, which I'll admit, was a bit of a jab at your person. But, if you don't consider it equal it's pretty obvious what sort of horse you like to ride around on, spewing whatever drivel you see fit in th"	15
I honestly believe that NASA needs to be gutted and the OBVIOUS waste and redundancy eliminated. How fucking little this area has produced for BILLIONS of dollars is astonishing. This is not the 60s and Kennedy is not our president and now we have no returnable manned space craft with nothing working. Fucking remarkable.	15
"Jesus, what an entitled asshole. Your company is already subsidizing your health insurance costs allowing you to purchase a policy you probably couldn't afford if you had to take responsibility for your own health insurance costs out of pocket and you're passing your savings on to those of us who actually buy these products in the free market. How much more sav"	15
"Clinton repealed the glass-steagall act which allowed the creation of all these BS derivatives which are the REASON the economy is collapsing. There are 1.4 QUADRILLION dollars in derivatives. When they come crashing down, and they will, there is no 'bailout' that will save us. Clinton is a lying Globalist pig just Like Bush and Obama."	15
"Both sides are bad, eh? Let me guess...So vote regressive? There is no comparison between the level of complete and utter bullshit coming from the right wing politicians, their phaux news spin machine and their voting base, and the progressives. If you don't see that then you have already become a victim of your own confirmation bias and the right wing cult o"	15
"nononono. look at the birth certificate. its all typed out with digital, not printed, letters. back then, it would have been a shitty piece of carbon paper, hammered out by a type writer, and probably some penned signatures..perhaps and ink stamp. this is an obvious fake, and you're an obvious fool."	15
"You know, for ""liberals"", you sure are as rotten and selfish as the people who started the war. I thought reddit was a place for open-minded people, but you're just a bunch of anti-republican Obama-worshipping partisans. You don't CARE about Iraqis or Afghans...all you care about is ANTAGONZING the party that started the war. Pathetic. P.S. I'm about as lib"	14
"How wonderful. Now just give it another year before the supreme court Hobby Lobbies it. Religious activists will demand exemptions for ""religious counselors"" to provide ""spiritual counseling"" to children of homophobic parents. That's probably the most cynical thing I've ever posted to Reddit, and yet I would not be surprised at all if it came to pass."	14
"Tragedy? Are you kidding me? The first 90% of your statement is all true, but his passing is hardly a tragedy. Look how he reacted to Ted Kennedy's death... the people he had fired by doctoring videos... the hateful crap he posted every single day. It isn't a tragedy, it is one less prick on the Internet."	14
"If you're refering to the Wrangler (Same engine 'n all) you realize it's a fucking wall right? It's not about the engine, it's about the aerodynamics primarily. My 93 Wrangler gets 17 and it's the I6. The I4 would get worse in most cases, since it had to work harder than a I6 did by far to maintain highway speed. Stop acting like you know about vehicles when yo"	14
"Came here to say this. Rand Paul is one of the most dangerous ""if ur black stay back, if your brown stay down, if you white u all right"" super libertarians in congress. This grandstanding attention whoring is just a deflection tactic to divert attention from the true issue that he is a friend of the ""gather all wealth, forget all but self"" Koch extremists"	14
"""The American people spoke at the ballot box."" ... I didn't know that we voted on the health care bill this last election. Oh! I wanna play this game of making shit up. ""The 2010 election clearly showed that American's want republicans to never run for office. Clearly all members of the GOP are not listening to the American people."""	14
"Then get off your ass and work! Stop looking for problems, and just do something. Then such things will go away because your antagonists can't bother you. You would have raised yourself so far above anything they could say or do that you wont even notice it anymore. ...wait that sounds like Morgan Freeman."	14
"Freedom in a libertarian system extends only as far as not infringing on the freedoms of others. Your example is textbook. It's also completely irrelevant to everything I said, and you obviously don't believe that if Ron Paul was elected then people could build fences around the houses of others and charge them to exit so conclusion is that you are a troll and"	14
"You say that amidst a flood of pro-Rand Paul comments that all appeared in this thread about the same time...you realize that, right? Conservatives and liberals both brigade this sub. Just look at ANY comment thread about guns in this subreddit for proof of conservative brigading. Let's be honest and put the ""r politics eez stupid libz"" myth to bed already."	14
"I'm not disagreeing with the fact that the guy is a terrible, terrible human being. But this is over the line. You know what, fuck it. You guys have already whipped yourselves up into a Righteous Fury. Have your fun, but don't be surprised at the continued decline of the subreddit and the site in general."	14
"You know which one you made. I'm not going to bother to drag it here for you to dismiss, just like you do with evidence you don't like. Most people laugh if I make a joke about potatoes talking. I guess you aren't much for jokes? And assault or obliquely threatening assault is a clear indication that one has lost the argument."	14
This is what national decline looks like. *Your* tax dollars going to pay for treats to entice even more public monies into a private hands who sell an education *product* rather than education. The mind reels at the neoliberal idiocy we're embarking on as a nation. Fast food education complete with the motherfucking happy meal.	14
"I love how Conservatives are all for promoting life. Instead of having an abortion, conceive the child and give it up for adoption... But yet they scream about how Govt's responsibility is not to give handouts or support said welfare cases. And in that same breath, innocent victims of war are simply casualties of war."	14
"You should probably look up the definition of genocide and stop yelling and maybe move out of your parents' basement. Additionally, Israel delivers all aid to Palestine as long as you don't try and break a military blockade like a fucking moron. In fact, most of Palestine's food and power and water come from Israel."	14
"Bush fucked it up SO BAD, that no evidence against any gitmo inmate could ever be admitted in trial, because so much of it resulted from torture. The same damn reason the FBI never got a successful conviction against a member of the Weather Underground, all their evidence was the result of illegal wiretapping."	14
Never said I was independent but considering your views on this I'm confident reading isn't your strong point. I'm very liberal and this disgusts me. I'm one of those snobby one's that expects the party I generally support to behave in a mature fashion though. There's numerous things they could be attacking Romney on but aren't.	14
"The only way to support businesses having the right to do that and *not* be racist is if you slept through half of your history classes. If you can envision a situation where a certain ethnic group is being categorically shit on, and see it as anything other than a problem that needs to be fixed, you're a racist."	14
"There is no justification for what the GOP has been doing. If it wasn't for tens of millions of self-indentified Republicans incapable of seeing fault in their own party, there wouldn't be two sides to this, but since we're probably the most insecure nation of people in the history Western civilization, the idea that you or your party might be wrong is so unwel"	14
"So, we're done now? We're at the apex of a truly free, just, inclusive society? Racism doesn't exist anymore? Sexism doesn't exist anymore? Famine, homelessness, war, none of these terrible things exist anymore? Just because you're selfish enough not to care about these things, doesn't mean I have to be. Hope you live long and well."	14
Which is why he reiterated during his speech that the Republican party (Mitch McConnell) admitted its goal was to make sure that President Obama doesn't get reelected. Talk about divisive fucks the Republicans if they would play games with American's livelihoods for the sake of politics on such a manipulative level when so many were/are so vulnerable.	14
"In the end most of the anti-Obama people will still chose McCain over Obama rather than allow apathy to put a black man in office. We need to keep pushing an prepare for the worst, a revolt if they steal the election. And THIS time, you need to get your asses out in the streets unlike the half asses protests against Bush."	14
This approach just seem ridiculously unrealistic. Even if you wish no one ever had sex outside of marriage the evidence that wishing and hoping don't make people not want to put dicks in pussies seems overwhelming. Is there really no one in the anti-abortion movement that cares more about getting things done than about thinking about the world they wished exi	14
How is taking a pay check in conflict with making loans more affordable? You are throwing around some loaded confrontational words. Idiots towing the party line without critical thinking. Supporting her bill (that has nothing to do with pay) makes me an idiot because she gets a big paycheck you don't even oppose? Your argument is incoherent.	14
"Ummmm, go to court any day of the week. You'll see plenty of big, strong fellows who were arrested and not shot. You see, there are two ways to look at the situation. Either this town is home to a huge number of homicidal anarchists or it has a really lousy police force that has managed to lose the respect of its citizens."	14
"ISIS was able to strive because we took our troops out of Iraq... ISIS hate may have been created by Bush, but the only reason they flourished was because Obama took our troops out... Ignorance. If we would have still had our troops in Iraq we would have decimated ISIS before we even knew their name."	14
"The police lie to get convictions, use brutal force on people then charge them with assault and then wonder why we have zero respect for them any more. It's because you are lying fascist pigs, that why, morons! Frankly, it begs the question: why should anyone be convicted of any crime if that conviction depends on police testimony."	14
"The ""/rollseyes"" is the only kind of response liberal redditors can muster in response to facts. They'll gush over anything that shows Obama as ""cool,"" noble, or whatever, but when it comes to issues they just run down the same line every time: marginalize the right, call them ignorant, obstructionist racists, and ignore the blatant failure and ineptitude of th"	14
"Um, no it's not a fallacy. It's fucking truth. Any decent car driver worth their beans wouldn't get out a car that wasn't in park (or had the brakes on). Any decent parent worth their beans wouldn't leave poisons out for their kids to play with .... Any gun owner with half a brain wouldn't leave loaded weapons out for kids to play with. That's beyond tra"	14
Kimmel isn't political at all. Its just OP and the Right Wing bloggers who keep circulating this non-story. The clips like this where they ask random people only cut together the ones who know little to knowing about the issue being questioned. Only the Right Wing nuts would pass late night comedy skits as if they are peer-reviewed articles.	14
"Well, first off, you're wrong. *""Jewish people, are a nation and ethnoreligious group originating in the Israelites or Hebrews of the Ancient Near East. The Jewish ethnicity, nationality, and religion are strongly interrelated, as Judaism is the traditional faith of the Jewish nation""* Wiki So, yeah, literally it's racism."	14
"That's bullshit. ISPs aren't going to discount services for anyone, they're just going to charge more to high bandwidth content providers. ISPs are trying to squeeze blood from stones rather provide new content, services, or otherwise innovate. This is also why they are trying to merge together and also renege on agreements to improve infrastructure with public"	14
"Are you kidding? Republicans always rally to the defense of their candidates' horrible statements, usually by doubling down on the stupid. This will *help* Romney by making more of his base get out to vote. The surge from the base will be bigger than the size of fence-sitting independents. Its Chik-Fil-A all over again."	14
And very few of them have accomplished anything. Their biggest claims to fame are Zuckerberg (who can be considered a late GenX as well) and Beiber. The previous two generations took economic stalemates and had people running businesses who flourished out of them. This generation seems to be busy complaining that nobody is doing that for them.	14
"Oh great, narrowmindedness in r/politics. What the hell do you think slander is? But instead of slander focusing on one individual, now you're focusing on an entire religion. Yes, you're suppose to criticize a religion. This is not the same as considering each and everyone of the followers as a violent barbarian and spreading that image."	14
I'm not supporting your message because I didn't read your message because you came off as an ideological crackpot. I'm a pragmatist. It would never have worked. So I simply gave you some pragmatic advice. If you care about your cause you'll care about making it happen. Making it happen takes people. To get people you need to be not a dick.	14
"Incoming shitty book deal by a guy that should probably never write a book in 3...2...1... Oh wait, and probably make millions off it by idiots who buy up that shit, just like Casey Anthony stuff, thereby making more money than most of us will in our lifetimes for something horrible and un-newsworthy... Am I coming off bitter here?"	14
"a forced vaginal ultrasound is a clear violation of privacy and will be stuck down as such as soon as this gets to federal court. What do you possibly gain by shoving a sensor up your vagina that you couldn't get by having the doctor just describe the developmental stages? It's a clear emotional appeal, and you know it."	14
"Well, do you really think the US labor market would become like the Chinese labor market if labor laws were relaxed? If so, why? Do you think the Chinese labor market would become like the US labor market if the Chinese government implemented the same labor laws as are implemented in the US? Also, >If so, fuck you. Really? Is that how you normally talk to"	14
"Once again, I am even more certain that you cannot prove it. On the second account you equate supporting Obama to supporting a police state: >Either way, you're supporting the police state. And yes, I know what a straw man is. Here is one I found on the internet today: >/r/politics (/r/Obama) still pretends there's a substantial difference between Romney and"	14
"> The Senate has not compromised whatsoever on this issue, and this is part of the reason the government is shut down. 19 times, they tried. You are either lying, or you don't read anything other than right wing drivel. http://www.nationaljournal.com/congress/19-times-democrats-tried-to-negotiate-with-republicans-20131007"	14
"No he isn't. Don't even pull that shit. His audience is intellectual liberals like the ones patrolling this site on a daily basis. No republican conservative or stupid person has ever sat through any one of his films, and they never will. They are not who he is aiming his movies at. If they were, he would never make any money."	14
"Yeah, that's what I was thinking. Gawd is punishing them for their evil ways. Meanwhile in a dark closet, a ""prayer warrior"" is begging for the rapture. *chuckle* Do they really think that God will take them away into his army when they won't get out and fight evil in the here and now? Ridiculous! Opiate, indeed!"	14
"This video is wrong on so many levels. And it fails to analyzes the different kind of humans the mac fanboys are. Seriously, all the development is done because a few people bought the expensive version ? Are you fucking kidding me ? Of course the boldness of some investors makes great products come to life, but this video if full of nonsense. Whatever sells"	14
"And I'm guessing you consider it an ""unimportant"" issue because you're male, and will never have to meaningfully deal with reproductive issues. This attitude, more than anything, is why grown-ups so rarely take libertarian views seriously. Until you learn how to empathize with others, it's an essentially selfish philosophy."	14
">I can see the difference but it's stupid. Again. Let me give a ""Yikes!"" for anyone you are looking out for. >You're saying it's somehow worse to refuse to treat a gay man with a broken finger than it is to refuse to save a woman's life. Nope. But I am saying it's really different. I'll again leave out the partisan drivel."	14
"Martin is a twig, Zimmerman is a redwood, and you're assuming that Martin *attempted* assault. Innocent until proven guilty, yes. But the burden of proof is actually switched in this case. Zimmerman does not dispute taking the life. So the burden of proof is on him to argue that it was justified, even under Florida's fucked up law."	14
"This is exactly the type of thinking that makes our political system suck. You have just become a single issue voter as so many people do (i.e. prolife = 100% GOP, prochoice = 100% Dem and never shall we sway!) people don't look at the overall candidate anymore they just vote for the candidate that claims to support their view on the single issue that gets th"	14
"You kind of started out by implying ""You shouldn't respect everybody that fights for what they believe is right, just Americans fighting for American interests."" Which is, of course, insane. But then wrapped it up with ""Don't respect people fighting for what they think is right, but people fighting for what *is* right."" Which is impossible when there's no conc"	14
"Of course! How could I not see it before? Your brilliant and in depth rebuttal have swayed my opinion. And all those facts, figures and allegorical evidence you presented in a concise and direct manner certainly refuted everything the author of this article has to say. Your learned summary and wise reasoning have humbled me greatly. I bow to your superior intel"	14
"Because some crazy old testament types believe in nonsense like a ""tainted seed"", and thus believe even the brother is capable of the same acts. What I want to know is, was the killer autistic or not? Aspergers maybe? I want to know if his dysfunction was due to physical/chemical imbalance, or psychological/social imbalance."	14
"Dearie me, is OP under the misguided impression that these were the vulgar kinds of criminals who broke the laws? No no no. These are the fancy kinds of criminals who change the laws with MONEY. If you don't believe me, ask Obama's buddies, Tim Geithner and Ben Bernanke. I believe you'll find them in some of D.C.'s highest presidentially appointed positions."	14
"Why? Obama has basically guaranteed he will do the same as McCain in the middle east. He's already kissed AIPAC's ass, as well. Where's the difference? He's owned, lock stock and barrel. Are you people really so naive that you think these young politicians get where they are without backroom deals? Jesus, we're doomed if so."	14
Three police officers fire nine shots. The suspect they were shooting at fired no shots. An innocent person is killed who wasn't even aware of what was happening. One of the officers is shot in the leg. This is a great example of responsible policing? I would laugh if I weren't so certain that you're being completely serious.	14
Yeah those angels that we call Democrats played no role in any negative direction this country has ever gone in... The prejudice that is found throughout academia on display through Penn. This guy is only the tip of a massive disgusting rotten iceberg of hate and prejudice flowing through the veins of higher education.	14
"it doesn't matter whether or not you asked them to. they accepted the price of living in a civilized society and pay taxes in order to supply the things you use every day. for you to complain that you ""don't wanna"", is little more than the whinings of a selfish child who doesn't want to do his share of the chores around the house."	14
"It is insane to me how little of a big deal the mainstream media seems to be making about this considering how much press they gave to the absolute BS the GOP spread about ""ObamaCare."" GOP making up stuff about how ObamaCare is going to cut Medicare? Front page news. GOP actually voting to end Medicare... nothing?"	14
"Working a minimum wage job is a mistake? Let me guess, they should have just worked harder in school and/or pulled themselves up from their bootstraps? It doesn't take into account societal cost or that we are talking about humans here. Basic radical liibertarianism. The cult of thinking you know more than anyone while parroting cherry picked data."	14
"> Well, do you have a better [""passionate""] label for describing the ideological types stripping away my liberty and freedom to associate with who I like? Sure - try to use ""no one"" when identifying those who are trying to ""strip your liberty and freedoms"" away. If nothing else, it might help you come off as sounding less fucking nuts."	14
"First: > It states: ""As an online discussion grows longer, the probability of a comparison involving Nazis or Hitler approaches 1.""[2][3] Second, yes, the people who set up a surveillance mechanism to spy on the entire world are evil, that shouldn't need to be said. You're the one spouting nonsense."	14
"if they passed a law requiring cops to round up and kill Jews, it would be ""a law"". It would be up to the cops to determine what ""laws"" they obeyed. We all saw how honorable cops were then, didn't we? EVERYONE answers to their conscience. These pigs CHOOSE to interpret the law in such a way they can terrorize and murder. THEY are responsible."	14
">While Jimmy Carter told us we had to be responsible and tighten our energy belts, Reagan told us to act like a bunch of spendthrift oil drunks and listen to the call of our inner gas pigs I've been waiting since the 1980s to understand and gain perspective on why I hated Reagan. I always knew...somewhere in my heart."	14
"Oh Rush, please, please, please leave! Our world will be so much better with you out of it (and if you can manage it, could you please take Savage, Hannity, O'Rielly, etc. with you?) Although, to be honest, I grieve for the children and mothers who will fall victim to Rush and his ""peculiar"" fondness for little boys."	14
Left out one other option. Maybe Roberts is too fucking stupid to see that unlimited funding will essentially give political offices to the highest bidder. Is Roberts really so stupid as to think that a politician won't jump when a campaign donor who gave tens of millions to his campaign shouts frog?	14
Really? Because you're full of shit. Here are some guys who are obviously well trained and well practiced (their entire channel of about 250 videos devoted to shooting) while not under pressure are missing most of the time hitting a stationary target.Highjak86 I'm fairly certain they don't edit their videos to make themselves seem worse than they are.	14
"If you want reasonable people to read something, it's best not to act like an emotional child when you write the headline. These sorts of pathetic, ""you're just going to down-vote this unfairly, wah,"" posts automatically rub me the wrong way and move me to ignore the content of the link rather than consider it seriously."	13
">First, my pledge: More than 99% of my wealth will go to philanthropy during my lifetime or at death. Measured by dollars, this commitment is large. In a comparative sense, though, many individuals give more to others every day. [source] Yeah, that fucking greedy bastard; deep down he really doesn't care about anyone but himself."	13
">Hemp production and cultivation means food, fuel and textiles, and the addition of a multi-billion dollar industry to our economy as well as lessening our dependence on fossil fuels, trees for paper and wood, and other products we depend on foregin nations for. Do you have any peer-reviewed research to back this up or did you just read it in High Times?"	13
"The NDAA is not just some ""bill."" It specifies the spending for the Department of the Defense. You know, our military. If Obama had vetoed it, the Republicans would have screamed that ""he hates the military!!!,"" and since he did sign it people freaked the hell out over indefinite detention. It was a lose-lose situation for Obama, regardless of what happened. I'"	13
"Look liberals have been putting their propaganda in schools for decades, they are hippocrits for now complaining that conservatives are doing the same thing. The solution should be to get the government out of education that way parents can send their childrent to schools that promote their values."	13
"Yes, it was terribly selfish of me to see my mother as a person whose life should have value and meaning outside of her home and children. What can I say, I was a child. If I'd had your wisdom and maturity, I'd have appreciated her sacrifice and demanded more from her so that when I left for college her life could be completely without purpose."	13
"Defense got cut by 350 billion, taxes get looked at Jan 1st after the Bush cuts retire giving Dems an opportunity to increase taxes. Social Security, Medicare, and Veterans benefits are exempt from future cuts. Also, if you guys stop screwing it up, this lets Dems paint the republicans as evil psychopaths trying to kill grandma. Politics is a marathon, not a s"	13
"1) why shouldn't it be a business? 2) Why should I pay for other people's healthcare? many people have money to afford it, and many also lead unhealthy lifestyles. If they can't afford it, I am fine with government paying for mediocre care. But if a middle-class family chooses to take a path w/o insurance, why shouldn't they have to give up their new BMW's to"	13
"> Well that's just a big ol' lie. From your post : Today, as part of that commitment, Vice President Biden swore in B. Todd Jones as the first permanent Director of the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives (ATF) in seven years. Why has it been 7 years since the post has been filled with a permanent appointee?"	13
"They aren't mutually exclusive, but i have yet to meet a military man who is not an asshole to women. I worked as a security officer for three years at an apartment complex across the street from a military base. Every weekend, literally, I had to call the police because there were military guys getting drunk and beating the shit out of their wives."	13
"Mark Foley, Larry Craig, Pastor Ted Haggard, George Rekers, Ken Mehlman, and it continues. Check out the documentary ""OUTRAGE"". Also check out blogACTIVE. It will blow your mind how many self-hating homosexual Republican politicians there are who campaign against and oppose equal rights for homosexuals. How messed up are these hypocrites?!?!"	13
"I hate to pop your bubble, but I live in a very blue state and haven't even seen a Doctor for a checkup since the AAC passed because until I pay a spend down to trigger Medicaid's coverage I don't have any at all. On paper I'm covered, but if I actually need care, I'm not. Being enrolled and all legal-like does not mean that you get needed care."	13
"All you are claiming is that he doesn't understand what evolution is. He clearly stated ""Evolution is a theory and I don't accept it"". A doctor not accepting the theory of evolution is like an architect not accepting the theory of gravitation. You claim others are propagandists, yet you spam the comments with your copypasta."	13
"I think Rick Sanchez is one fiery guy. I watch him sometimes to see if he'll ""go off"" on somebody. Or call someone a liar. Please retire Wolfe Blitzer....please. And BTW, John King is NOT a good replacement. Neither is Anderson Cooper. Rick Sanchez should take the reins at CNN - then they might have a chance against MSNBC...*might*"	13
"You can purchase catastrophic insurance for a few hundred a year, for an entire family! Don't tell me that it's not affordable unless you have major preexisting conditions. People just don't investigate anything for themselves. And go ahead and tax corporations more, they don't really care... they pass the cost on to the consumer. Take a class in economics"	13
"Thanks for the snappy comeback. In what you call ""middle school"" if you pay attention, you might learn the difference between say Eisenhower and Juan Peron? There is an important difference. Just as there is an important difference between responsible government and a shoot from the hip person such as Paul when there are far better alternatives even in his"	13
"Can I add a few more reasons then? How about being against the Civil Rights Act? Or against the Voting Rights Act? I can go on. He basically disguises his moronic views as a states-rights issue. If he really thinks the federal govt should stay out of certain things, then why the fuck should *any* govt be involved, state or federal? In my opinion, he's just ano"	13
"I think most of the blame goes to the Republicans, and their willingness to ""kill the beast"" at all costs. Their spend like there is no tomorrow, then borrow from China so someone else will pay their bills is shit. What happened to pay as you go. Tax cuts for the supper rich are not worth it. They totally fucked up the economy when they where in power."	13
"> It's not that ""homosexual men tend to be pedophiles,"" it's that ""pedophiles tend to be homosexual."" No, no, no, no. Pedophiles do not have any semblance of healthy sexuality. Just like they are not attracted to adult women, they are not attracted to adult men. They abuse undeveloped children and in the vast majority of cases don't even have any attraction"	13
"tl;dr: Obama is not accountable because he was concerned about the fact that one of his orders ended in the death of several civilians in Pakistan, and because civilians in the vicinity of suspected Al Qaeda caravans or hideouts are unlikely to be civilians. verdict: Obama is another war-mongering murderer in the white house."	13
"Actually, you're wrong. 2010 and 2009 audits both had unqualified audit reports as well. The document you're looking at is a special report on internal controls. The financial statements of the organization, present fairly in all material respects the financial position of the organization, a statement the GAO could not issue if the IRS could not account for bi"	13
"To all those Dems reminding themselves that oh, the GOP won't have a veto-proof majority so everything's not so bad after all need a reality check. The veto is not absolute and McConnell is not going to stop until Dodd-Frank and Obamacare are dead as doornails. He'll force votes, attach riders to must-pass legislature. There's no end to our options now that we"	13
"I'm so left I'm actually laying on my left arm and I have an extensive collection of guns/knives/bats and other implements of destruction. I support all the amendments in the bill of rights. I have the right to say what I want, be secure in my home and if anyone tries to take them away I have the right to defend myself."	13
Well that really sucks. Public transportation is pretty much the very very LAST thing that needs to be fucked with for petty reasons. How about we focus on keeping the TSA out of our transit system instead of focusing on fucking up the transportation lifeline for tens-of-thousands of bay area residents. This is childish.	13
"From the ""not even pretending to be journalist"" desk [Dems want the federal government to regulate pizza]( http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2012/05/15/democratic-congressman-polis-wants-feds-to-regulate-pizza-in-school-lunches/) After reading this story, I truly lost all respect for anyone that take Fox News seriously."	13
"But Rand WAS trying to suggest that Autism was reason to not vaccinate a child. He specifically says vaccinations can lead to ""profound mental disorders"". Rand is a medical doctor and should know better. So that means he knows vaccinations are not responsible for autism and is lying for political gains, or he is an idiot. Which is it? A liar or an idiot?"	13
"So basicly the 24 year old father (who cares if he is a father btw) died because he choose pain meds over antibiotics? Has nothing to do with insurance. 1. If he is 24 he has to have someone that can loan him $80 to pull one simple tooth. 2. Antibiotics are CHEAP, my doctor gives the pills away by the handful. Another BULL SHIT dramatic title."	13
"But he didn't. I assume he has some sort of education. Who paid for that? The government. His employees? Same thing. Their education, at least high school, was paid for by the government. He used the roadways, railways, and/or the airways to ship his product. He's used government infrastructure. The government helps out in more ways than you think."	13
"So 60 years of experiments in changing tax rates isn't enough evidence for you? How much do you need, 100? 200? You confirm my point: you can't change the total revenue, only the point of collection. And I contend that it's the same people paying it, one way or another, no matter where it is collected."	13
"fine... then let's be *completely* accurate. corporations are cheating the american public out of money. cheating someone out of money *is the same as stealing from them.* you can split hairs all you want, but you're not going to have someone say ""oh, they're cheating me? oh that's ok then... as long as they're not stealing from me."""	13
"no - you don¬¥t accept it. but you do tolerate it. and you just believe ""there is nothing you can do"". just like you believe in the american dream or that you¬¥ve got a lot of freedom. if something similar would happen e.g. in france, streets in paris would literally burn, 80% of frenchmen would protest and lay down work until the goverment listens."	13
Why did you make a throwaway account to post a number that you don't even answer? I called twice and texted once and all I got was a cricket festival. I'm still waiting for a single Redditor who has the guts to speak with conviction and mean what they say. I thought you might have been the first but I'm unsurprisingly let down again.	13
"Only you're making a deliberately facetious argument. Universal Basic Income. Here's your bread, water, and the roof over your head. You want an xbox? Get a job and top it up like the rest of us. I will pay for your vaccinations because if I don't your poor lifestyle choices will impact the health of my children."	13
"You said: >It turns out that in the American justice system, you don't have to prove innocence. I said: >Not after a conviction. Here is the title of the topic: >Texas has executed another innocent man. The kicker? The prosecutor fought tooth and nail to destroy any evidence that could prove his innocence. Do you understand where you went wrong yet?"	13
"> The taxes and tarrifs he supported were all based on what your actions (what you spent money on), and not just based on the fact that you made money. Income (your property) was yours to do more or less what you would with it... So, consumption taxes? Wow. Try that in the U.S. and see how far you get."	13
support Gavin Newsom!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	13
"Do you know what is theft? Using the money you already have to buy out politicians and rig the system so all roads lead into your pockets. Look at how drastically the balance of wealth has shifted since the 1980s. If you think that this drastic consolidation of wealth doesn't require progressive taxation, what is your solution? Allow a few people to gobble up t"	13
"It seems like you're purposefully avoiding my point, ieatglue44. You contrast Shockley with Hitler, but totally ignore the correct answer: ""These are my choices?"" What would it say about the hypothetical university that seeks to invite one of these men? What does inviting a known and admitted bigot say about Michigan?"	13
"So, according to your logic, Smart people vote not just specifically for Obama, but for democrats in general, and stupid people vote not just for Romney but for republicans in general? If that isn't what you meant (and I'm sure it isn't), then you should be more careful with how you communicate, and maybe break down your ideas into formal logic equations befo"	13
"Firstly, source that shit. This sounds like the view of a younger person who thinks the world is against them. Which is fine, but its not how shit works everywhere all the time, or even for the most part. Second, never compromise yourself for anyone else. Don't pretend to be something you aren't to impress someone. This includes jobs."	13
"OP, I'm aware you're probably just twisting facts to make yourself funnier for karma, but you're incorrect. The worst sinner on the planet could be Christian. The only requirement is to believe in Jesus Christ as the messiah. Morals are just suggested. (note, this is broad Christianity, certain denominations may have different views)."	13
"Yeah? You going to deal with climate change? Going to stop driving that car? Stop buying things made out of oil by burning oil and transported to you using oil? Gonna make a change in your own life? Or you want politicians to do something for you? Enough people have to ""be the change"" on this or else it's all talk, and that kind of personal change is hard -- ha"	13
"No, they arrested him for trespassing. Cops tell you to leave, you don't argue. You leave, then you argue. If they arrest you for trespassing while you're standing on the street asking why you had to leave, you get to sue people. If they arrest you for trespassing while you're trespassing, you get to blog half the story to try and make the police look bad."	13
">It's all a bunch of bullshit. You're born when you're born, and your (our) generation has advantages and disadvantages - just like every single other generation before us. So take the hand you're dealt, and make the best out of it. We shouldn't play victim just because of the year we were born in. I don't think it's playing the victim to point out that you're"	13
"Do you live in the U.S.? because this is not happening in my part of the U.S. sure there are people who actually believe all muslims are terrible.. but its the same people who think jesus is coming down on the 21st to bring them to heaven... The majority of us like to call these people ""fucking lunatics"". sure, they're real and they're out there.... but they'r"	13
"Well, no wonder the MSM calls us an internet campaign. This is where we've been banished. Only they don't know, the internet is starting to become much more powerful than conventional Old Media. Ron Paul 2008. Truth to Power. www.teaparty07.com Donate on 16th for Ron Paul! Kucinich on the 15th as well!"	13
"His remarks are obscene are meant to incite and you know it. He's ginning up the base and speaking to the most unhinged believers on the far right. Should one of his ardent fans attempt to kill or kill the president will he feel regret? If that happens is he in any way responsible? Do balanced, intelligent and decent human beings make these sorts of statem"	13
"This is getting less and less productive. You disagree. Great. I'm sorry I can't convince you. I've made the argument, read it. You can't design a system to ""protect children"" and not censor the internet. Can't be done. The real solution is not technical, it's raising your kids, which I outlined to diligent twice."	13
"Don't worry, the county has come up with the ingenious plan of having a massive tax write off to attract a second Walmart. I'm pretty sure the second one will kill the last bit of their locally-owned stores dead. Did I mention that the only high school in town is built of brick, is 100 years old and is in a major earthquake zone? The measure to rebuild it"	13
The economy is propped up on a house of cards. Obama and his handlers have jumped the national debt from $9T to $17T by simply printing more money and spending it like drunken sailors. Foreign entities own our debt and the ACA is ultimately unsustainable and will break the bank. People are smart to be concerned.	13
"Ah, yes, all the youth flocking to work in farms, and slaughterhouses for near-minimum wage or less, just like people are now to apple orchards in Washington state where they're desperately short on workers. Lol indeed. EDIT: Of course, your response is probably that they'll naturally raise wages to attract more workers. Have fun paying 2-5x more for your groc"	13
"Shame you get downvoted. Reddit thinks they know the most about everything. Then when someone comes in and tells them 100% what will happen to JUST THAT INDIVIDUAL without any reason or doubt, reddit just downvotes them into oblivion and dismisses them as dissenters. Sorry reddit. I think I have a better fucking idea if I'll lose my job than you do."	13
"<sarcasm> Yea, millions of people are being killed, injured, displaced, and deprived as a diversion for rich people to do whatever they want. </sarcasm> This is a ridiculous post. Here's why: Rich people do whatever they want ... regardless. They don't need diversions. They own the media. This post deserves to be downmodded mercilessly."	13
"that's exactly why you won't get Warren. the Democrats learned this lesson in the 1980s -- electability matters vastly more than ideology if you want to win. Warren is a firebrand, which is great for the ideologues, but she has no chance with middle America and the swing states the Democrats must carry in order to win."	13
"I am fine with that. I would go one step further. If you hire illegal aliens in an effort to increase your profits(farmers, tyson foods, Rich who hire illegal aliens to do housework, etc) then you will go to jail for life. If we cut the demand, by making it impossible to hire them then they won't come. supply and demand."	13
"In my profession there is an old saying that goes: ""You can beat the rap but you can't beat the ride."" The purpose of this arrest wasn't to secure a conviction. It was to waste this guy's time and money. Of course this charge is frivolous, but the cops aim was to exert his authority over his fellow citizen. He's a huge asshole and should be sanctioned fo"	13
"I just took the Georgia bar, so don't get cut with me about describing law school classes. I used 101 in the idiomatic sense meaning that the proposition which I stated was a basic tenant of the class. In this situation, it's undeniable that the police had reason to believe that the mother was in the house, **so what is your point**?"	13
"> things change when your life is in danger When, ever during this incident, was the patrolmen's life in danger? > Or are you just interested in railing against arguments I never made? No, I just think you're an idiot for thinking it's OK for police to open fire before seeing a weapon in a suspect's hand."	13
"When is everyone going to understand that they do not care about producing people equipped with the tools to succeed in life, those people could be a threat to them, what they want to create is a mass of undereducated, easily manipulated people, people that don't have the skills but to blindly accept their lot in life."	13
"Good, it hit on the main reason. It gets Federal money for the police department. It's not shocking, PD's are doing some crazy stuff to get FBI and Homeland Security funds. It's not uncommon to see Bubbaville, pop. 230, getting armored vehicles because an interstate exit exists within town limits. And yes, this is another example of blatant pork barrel spen"	13
"There's nothing to argue with. You think that the BBC report proves something that it doesn't. There's no argument there, you're just pointing out random factoids and pretending they support your absurd theory. They don't. There's nothing about the BBC report that goes any way towards proving anything you imagine it does."	13
"To be fair, if you think that scenario where the government comes to take away your guns could arise...your guns are sort of the least of your worries, arent' they? It would basically mean the constitution was suspended. I mean, if you don't think your guns are safe, you should probably lock up your daughters, wives, cars... Oh, wait. Nevermind."	13
"I will eat. Post your address I will rob you first... this is just to prove a point. What do you think desperate people will do? Some will hold out, some will become homeless and other men will go to crime for lack of an alternative. I will get the money i need to exist, survival is more important than morality to most people."	13
"Wow. There is no logic to your claims. Imagine replacing Jesus with the president in that situation, and a reporter is asking him about his position on divorce law between a man and a woman. If he answers within the context of man and woman that doesn't mean he's anti-gay marriage any more than me using an example of a male president means I'm against having a"	13
"So you're assuming I watch Fox, OK, I'll play along. So my facts from Fox are bullshit but your facts from an equally biased source are not? By the way, I hate Fox news but I do prefer ""facts"" to come from reputable sources. Not a website that defines their political ideologies in their ""about us"" section. Clear bias."	13
"No. You don't regulate free markets from having influence on government, because regulating markets by the same people who are being influenced in a simple conflict of interest. Free-market proponents are asking for the same thing as leftists. A good government that is not influenced by greedy/corrupt business owners."	13
"No this is about Chick-Fil-A being bigoted and homophobic- Conservatives and/or Tea Party members are trying to make it about 'free speech' because they can't win by being homophobic. Also, they're feeling bad because they're all for free market capitalism until customers decide to use free market principles to take their business elsewhere."	13
Because most people ar sheep. They lack the strength of character and a level of maturity to think and be responsible for themselves. Freedom is scary and authoritarianism gives them a comfort to not have to expend the energy thinking for themselves or confronting directly those individuals who embrace freedom	13
"Obama has already lost on the ACA in multiple instances and on the recess appointments. If I were him, I wouldn't take bets on him winning any lawsuit in the near future. His extra-Executive actions and the unconstitutional legislation he has championed are being put in their place by the branch of government created for exactly that purpose."	13
"The simple answer is that people don't want masses of homeless congregating in parks or residential neighborhoods. They shit everywhere, do drugs, fight and yell, scavenge the trash, steal, engage in prostitution, etc. Large numbers of homeless people in one place fucks up the neighborhood completely."	13
"That the 'wars' against other crimes are not winnable is a stupid point. Those are all crimes against other people. Drug use is an issue of personal behavior and the comparison is invalid. In fact, the war on drugs creates the dreaded drug-related crime, which could be wholly eliminated by legalization and regulation. So the argument is not only invalid, it is"	13
"yea, but to republicans, they are giving. as long as rich people gives to rich people, and only poor people give to poor people it's ok. and poor people should give to rich people too. just dont make rich people give to poor people. cause that's socialist, and we all know that wouldn't be christmas."	13
"Are you kidding me? Look up Obama, Romney, Santorum, Gingrich's donation sources and then try to attack Ron Paul for the same. It's not even close to the same amount (if any at all) that the others are getting. Ron Paul is not for the government bailouts of banks or coorporations so why would the companies who benefited from those policies endorse him?"	13
After hearing much dumber shit than this from Feinstein I'm starting to realize these people are like Lamar Smith trying to regulate the internet when he can't even turn on his computer. I'd like to recommend a law that state's you can't legislate something if you have no fucking clue how it works but then our entire congress wouldn't exist.	13
"Oh come on, if california was run by republicans plenty of people would say their corruption was a result of their party affiliation. And Arnold was only elected after countless other failures. Plenty of states run by both parties have budget issues right now for lots of different reasons. What is your excuse for new york, also in horrible shape, with democr"	13
>Paul Ryan supported Medicare part D >He was taking care of those big pharma donors - the makers. He did a bang up job. That legislation expressly prohibited Medicare from negotiating drug prices with pharmaceutical companies. He's all for fiscal responsibility except when it comes to his plutocratic friends.	13
"You seem to have a problem with reading comprehension. No one is blaming Bush for this. They are calling our Republican hypocrisy. They are saying that more attacks on U.S. consulates occurred with more deaths under the Bush administration, but there was zero Republican outrage (and to be honest, very little if any Democratic party outrage either). So what"	13
">Life is ridiculously easy here with just the slightest effort, in comparison to the rest of the world. Yes, those Canadians, Norwegians, and Kiwis have it soooo difficult. They must be jealous of Americans with heated houses and a private bath. No laundry? No wonder they stink so bad! I can't imagine how they make it through their month-long holidays!"	13
"Sadly that form of populism that comes out in the work is corrupted now by astro-turf groups like the tea party supported by the super rich to appear as pseudo-majoritan movements. It's really just too damn hard for people to work together in a real populist movement because political authenticity is near impossible to determine, which is no mistake."	13
"Can we stop discussing the nature of ""ron paul supporters""? You're essentially gossiping and I suspect your doing it to convince your self and reinforce your own beliefs. I'd love to vote for a progressive but at this point it's either Obama (R-IL) or Paul (I-TX) in my mind. Paul is the lesser of two evils."	13
"Because in some cases, there is no excuse. These teens killed an unarmed man on the account of being ""Bored"", and you want them to go free? Little scary in the way you think dude. There is a limit on some things, however murder like this deserves a full unrestricted trial. I would give them both the death penalty if I were their judge, because I would be ""Bored"	13
"I hit all your main points, even quoted you 3 times on three different paragraphs... Pretty sure you're the one ignoring the blaring facts I laid out. You don't have to keep talking with me, but definitely think about the things I said. Since these are separate, unique, living human beings... why shouldn't their right to life be protected?"	13
"> Yes, by not forcing things to go before the Supreme Court when they have more important issues? More important issues? Like what? This is their job. > Seriously, before you get too worked up, why not ask the bill sponsor what they think? That's a good one. I'll send him a quick txt and let you know how he responds."	13
">Rising oil prices? Have you filled up at the pump lately? Have you heard about what the Saudis are doing? Rising oil prices are a decades-long trend, which is precisely why oil sands and shale became profitable in the first place. The past six months do not invalidate that trend any more than the steep drop in prices during the recession."	13
"Nope, but if I were a rich man I might be a little butthurt about it. Good thing for the wealthy it keeps getting better and better for them, although to hear the way they piss and moan and cry like little bitches you would think it is me, personally, bending them over and ass raping them while picking their wallets."	13
"Do you drink coffee? You're a drug user. Do you drink beer/wine/spirits? You're a drug user. Do you take ibuprofen or acetaminophen for headaches? You're a drug user. All that aside, using drugs recreationally is not a symptom of a ""deeper problem"" either. For all you know, it's just that person's idea of an enjoyable way to experience an altered state of c"	13
"Well he should have expected it. Romney announced it before the debates. Sure he claimed it was Obama who was going to do it, but anyone familiar with Republican-speak knows ""my opponent is going to do nefarious thing X"" is almost always an admission about what they themselves intend to do. Projection is not just a tactic with these people, it's a way of lif"	13
"THIS JUST IN: In the face of a crisis, Corporations often make promises they do not intend to keep. Also this hour: Politicans often espouse beliefs they do not have in order to manipulate voters; College students drink more than they study; Mothers often *do* have a favorite child; The Oscars are political"	13
"how in the world can you be content with a federally controlled and run health care system? tell me how is it even American to have this program that will only cause worse care for the citizens? if you don't have an idea already, this health care reform will only benefit a certain CLASS of people and totally destroy another. this is eveything about CLASS WARFAR"	13
"Funny, the current president is the worst of my lifetime. Never been someone more divisive and clueless (read: Constitution organizer pushes unconstitutional healthcare law and whines about the SCOTUS, inserts himself in Zimmerman case, calls for beer summit to correct yet another boneheaded mistake.)"	13
"As a symbolic gesture we should have Cheney strapped to a common high-explosive which is then dropped somewhere in an Iranian mountain range, where there is no real risk of hurting anyone. It would be a going-away present, his very own Dr. Strangelove moment. Who would vote favoribly for that proposal?"	13
"Consumers AND NON-CONSUMERS pick up the tab the way it is. But hey, you're right. Better that non-drivers and those that use alternative fuel sources help subsidize cheap gas so people have the freedom to drive stupid and wasteful vehicles without actually having to pay the full cost of operating them. 'Murca."	13
"The guy fucking made a left turn where it wasn't warranted. Whether that should have even required a ticket rather than a warning in the first place questionable. The average person doesn't drive more than 3 blocks without committing a BS ticketable offense. I think the recent experiment in NY shows just how valuable and necessary all of those ""unnecessary"	13
"What if I don't want to pay range fees? In Colorado (where I live) there are so many places to go shooting on public land, legally. Why would I want to pay range fees every time I want to shoot. Range fees + marked up ammo, no thanks. Also who is to say a range owner won't go crazy? Or a Gun shop? LAWS CANNOT PREVENT CRAZY!"	13
"Free market (as in absence of regulation) does not exist. It cannot exist. Perfect competition is unprofitable, so oligopolies form. Oligopolies can buy politicians. Bought politicians institute regulation favorable to oligopolies. So by insisting on absence of regulation, libertarians cause bad regulation."	13
Don't let them fool you. That's a divide and conquer tactic by conservatives who actually hate all unions. They just try to target public sector unions more because 30% of the public sector is unionized (vs. only 7% of the private sector). Conservatives hate working people and love big government/corporations	13
"You kept making the same arguments and I kept making the same arguments. It wasn't going anywhere, and that's why you broke down and decided to resort to insults. >I know I'm right. I'm glad you agree. Get your head out of your own ass and try to listen to others for a change. You came into this with your mind made up and that was that as far as you were co"	13
"> True, but if the officer's defense was that he had suffered an assault and was in fear for his life, it's certainly relevant. I want you to read what you wrote and seriously think about it. This hoax has NOTHING to do with the officers defense. You're right on one thing, I seriously question your intelligence."	13
"Ah, you figured him out. He is really a successful small business owner attending a conference that decided to hit up the local homeless shelter for its famed cuisine. When he was finished with his feast he drove the Cadillac he purchased with his welfare benefits back to his mansion in Beverly Hills."	13
"If in fact the child was homeless - that changes the complexion of the ""tale"". When one doesn't have a home - where in the hell is a mom supposed to have the refrigerator to store food to make a lunch, let alone a paper sack to put it into. Ryan's nose should be growing....but this is from CPAC when reality it removed when these well paid folks en"	13
"McCain? Ever heard of him? He co-sponsored this bill, it was called McCain-Feingold. It was campaign finance reform. It prevented corporations from running ads. He even ran for President using public matching funds, thus pledging to restrict campaign spending. Obama, on the other hand, refused to do that. Does no one pay attention in this country?"	12
"Did you expect a website that calls itself ""The voice of conservatism in Europe"" to like the Scandinavian model? I'm Danish, and while things aren't perfect here, I can see for myself every day that capitalism + democracy + redistribution of wealth works. Is it perfect? No. Is it better than unchecked capitalism or communism/socialism? I'd say so."	12
"Liberal talk radio failed and liberal cable news is failing as well. Blanket statement alert: conservatives like their echo chamber to be based on outrage (Fox News) while liberals like theirs based on humor (Comedy Central). Liberals find their release in laughing at things they don't like, conservatives find their release in getting angry at them."	12
"This is important to understand. The police response appears more heavy handed against blacks than other races because it is; and it is because the behavior of blacks requires it. At the end of the day, its the police who put their lives on the line and we need to give then the freedom to make the decisions that they think are right."	12
"WRONG! Below is an example of a strawman argument... >Person A presents topic 1 >Person B presents topic 2 which is a weaker version of topic 1 >**Now here is the important bit...** >Person B DISPROVES topic 2. HE DID NOT disprove his argument, therefore it is NOT a strawman. It is simply a counter argument that disproves the first assertion."	12
"also we need do something about organizations making ridiculas accusations about voter fraud designed to bump people of the voting rolls. A voter supression group called The Voter Integrity Project tried to get 30,000 voters off the voting rolls by claiming they where dead. After an investagation only 400 where found to be truely dead"	12
"> I thought that the whole point of living in ""the Free World"" was to be, you know...free or something? Maybe I was spacing out when I heard that. But why are people beginning to decide that attempting to control what people can or can't do to ""protect them from themselves"" is a good idea. Careful, son. That way leads to libertarianism."	12
"Labs generally are goofy and happy go lucky- but as a former groomer, I had waay more labs than pits get snappy while grooming/getting in and out of kennels. With that being said, the dogs in my experience were separated from their families and or nervous/overstimulated . . . Definitely didn't require shooting them or require ANY unnecessary force though- just"	12
"It's our new fight against terrorism. Ask any Tea Party or Republican and they will tell you that the Arabs attacked us because ""They hate our freedom"". In light of what's happening in Wisconsin and now in Michigan, we are slowing eliminating our freedom so that the Arabs will no longer hate us....... ??"	12
"Are you serious? Lol. >Gangs are generally okay if you don't mess with them or their business. It says a lot about how stupid the userbase here is based on the fact that this guy is upvoted for saying that and I am in the negatives for calling him out on it. And to be honest, I think 'generally okay' is even worse than saying 'not that bad'. Generally OKAY?"	12
"> It was a private school and we were all white (some the children of very rich people), and they let us go with a warning. Wait, you mean you got a stern talking to and to go home with your parents at the end of the night? The police treated it like some dumb kids and scared them then let the matter drop with no further legal action? *Hmmm*."	12
As a non-America? Seems to me nearly every country in the world is run by incredibly ignorant and incompetent people. Why is this something to ask Americans? No one is competent to govern countries of our modern sizes and complexities and government runs on institutionalized corruption. You don't need to ask Americans to know that.	12
"Go for it. I know it is correct. They also oppose net neutrality laws on similar grounds: That a corporation should be free to operate without government regulation. Their idea of ""freedom"" and ""liberty"" doesn't necessarily mean they are for your individual freedom and liberty. They're fine with unchecked corporate power, because corporations are peo"	12
"I said conservatives, not republicans. Gallup poll: Conservatives outnumber liberals >For the third straight year, conservatives outnumbered both moderates and liberals. >40 percent of Americans consider themselves conservative; 35 percent consider themselves moderate; and 21 percent see themselves as liberal. So there are literally DOUBLE the number of co"	12
"Another one falling for the 'they're all the same' fallacy. To counter your claim, the ACA was passed as law. That doesn't seem to affect the GOP's day-to-day at all. If your claim held water, then this entire situation wouldn't have occurred. You're falling for the GOPs rhetoric, as they planned."	12
Developing nations are more than capable of having their own native industries if allowed...as it is our big Western multinational move in and squelch the competition before it can be born - this is rather opposite the way that current 1st world nations developed (with lots of native industry) and creates *unstable* conditions where things collapse as soon as A	12
"How in the hell did you get that out of what I wrote? Are you *looking* for someone to tread on your viewpoint? I had one point, and it is: 50%+1 of Americans are not *most* concerned about the legalization of pot. In fact, I suspect that 50% don't even *consider* pot in any given day, pro- or anti-. Most people are worried about their jobs, the economy, t"	12
"Classic Paul. ""Government should not be involved in X...unless it's state government, then they should be allowed to get *all up in your personal life* without interference from the big, mean, federal government."" ""I am against government legislating our personal lives, long live government legislating our personal lives!"" Do you guys just stop listening aft"	12
"Yeah, Arbusto oil or some shit, then Bush bailed? ""In June 1990 Bush sold more than half of his shares in Harken to a Los Angeles broker named Ralph D. Smith. One week after the sale Harken announced an overall loss of $23.2 million triggering an investigation by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission into the sale."""	12
"You can't name anything. Of course there are a few random bills that were blocked that idiots like you will freak out about. The fact is that Obama got the great majority of his agenda passed, but it was all the wrong shit and the economy has stayed terrible because of it. ""tried for treason"" Brave and ignorant. Treason has nothing to do with political dispu"	12
"Palm to forehead, it is amazing how many Americans do not know what form of government they have . Be sure not to call it a ""constitutional republic"" unless you want to be down voted and labeled as a Tea bagger for referring to the Constitution. Up voted for teaching remedial government to those that need it."	12
"I know and I could write 50 pages about it. But that's not necessary. There is plenty of information available that shows that central banking plus fiat currency is a disaster. I believe that the forty year experiment with unbacked fiat currency is proof. The system is going to collapse. If you are defending the status quo, you are defending a nosedive off of a"	12
"Yeah you're full of shit, you know exactly what you said and now are trying to back track again. You knew exactly what you were implying and now feel stupid for implying it so you are looking for excuses to make yourself feel better. still I'm waiting for some kind of example of PFC Manning exposing war crimes."	12
"Don't kid yourself, this article is making the case that Paul is a less suitable candidate than Obama. To make that case, the article has to avoid the appropriate context, which is all of Paul's positions, and all of Obama's (including approving extra-judicial assassinations of US citizens, supporting the war on drugs, and supporting the Patriot Act/NDAA/SOPA)."	12
"I own a full-auto SIG SG 550, and I'm probably way better trained in its use than you'll ever be in any firearm. I still don't want my kids to be around guns. In Switzerland I haven't seen a non-military/non-police person carry a gun in public in the last 25 years. That is how it's supposed to be as far as I'm concerned."	12
"Yes, and...? So are you disagreeing that people don't pay much attention to the vice president? If you are, that certainly goes against anything I've ever read, including the words of some vice presidents. It wasn't really Biden's words they cared about, when he said that during the interview everyone wanted to hear the President say something about it."	12
"People have always been willing to give up *other peoples'* freedoms for any reason whatsoever because ""fuck you, got mine"". If a person doesn't take advantage of a given freedom, they don't care if it goes away. See: ""I don't care if the government listens in on my phone calls I'm not doing anything wrong!"""	12
"Common, it doesn't make it seem any less harsh. I cringe thinking how it would have affected parents with kids that had health issues out just picked up a snotty noise from daycare and had to go home. Considering I had 24 days of sick last year and at least 85% were related to my kid. Either he was sick, or brought something home from daycare. Etc"	12
"eh if you want to be pedantic like Howard_Blake, not really Einstein himself showed Newton's ""law"" of gravitation was only an approximation of the truth, and we know today that Einstein's theory of gravity is only an approximation itself we can only ever know if a theory is wrong (because it disagrees with experiment), we can't ever be certain if it's right"	12
"What she should be arguing for is to quit giving the banks the manipulated interest rates, not to expand the cheap credit. We're in an education bubble. It will pop. Expanding cheap credit will only inflate the bubble faster. The students are in debt, the schools are in debt, and giving them more debt at a cheaper price isn't going to reverse that. It's only go"	12
"Even if a third party candidate somehow managed to win they won't cut executive power. If you're going to be cynical be cynical because human nature would stop any future candidate from cutting back their executive power. Voting third party just changes the paradigm from ""lesser of two evils"" to ""lesser of three evils."""	12
">First, if you think the left = democrat and the right = republican, then you have a very skewed perception of what it means to be on the left or right of the political spectrum. Welcome to american politics. This is what the politicians have warped it into. Not accepting this fact is extremely dangerous. The classic definition of these things no longer app"	12
"Seriously, indefinite detention, what the hell is Obama thinking on that... I love that now they're making it easier to move someone from a civilian court to a military one. Because military trials have always been great. It's that kind of shit that is slipped into bills and budgets like NDAA that are really harming this country."	12
"Remember, we know what happens when you raise taxes on the middle class and cut takes for the rich, The middle class gets poorer and we have a wealth gap. If that makes Obama or me a warrior for the middle class, so be it. But I will not give my money to a bunch of rich people who already have enough of it... and use it to run MY life. Curse the strong"	12
"> ""He displayed behaviour and made jibes with the intention to insult. Police should be shielded from this type of language and the community cannot accept it's OK for a private citizen to tell police to f*** off,"" he said. Civilians aren't shielded from jibes and intentional insults. Are cops so universally weak that they need an extra protection here?"	12
"And yet those in charge who allowed the uncovered atrocities get nothing? Gitmo is still open, we are bypassing congress to go to war, continuously killing innocent ""militants"" and invading foreign countries. What he did was right in my opinion, with the current government I dont want any secrets, not when they lie to our faces with no recourse."	12
"Well, apparently there are competing ""paymasters"" and some of them believe in science, education, renewable energy, family planning, US infrastructure, the right to fuck who you want, and the like. If you just discovered people with more money have political power, that has been true for about 10,000 years now. That link you provided might be one of the most"	12
"And if the government can't fund healthcare for a subset of Americans, what makes you think the government can fund healthcare for a larger set of Americans? Funny how government failures are always ""they didn't have enough funding"" and never ""they're incapable of meeting their obligations"". Shit if you give me ""enough funding"" I can do damn well anything."	12
"I never said it wasn't man made, I said it wasn't ENTIRELY man made. ""some of Climate change is a natural occurrence."" Please read my post properly before trying to correct me on that. I am not arguing with you on your points as I do agree with them. Its just annoying when people say ITS ALL OUR FAULTS."	12
"I hate to say this, but can we stop beating this particular dead horse? The constant reminder that we no longer have 4th Amendment protection is just depressing. Cops conducted an illegal raid and murdered a Marine. Nothing will bring him back, the cops will suffer no consequences beyond a paid vacation, and 'murica will continue slouching towards the police s"	12
"Why? Because the Republicans wouldn't stand for it. Due to demographics, if 100% of the country voted, the Republicans would never win another national election. They can't talk about it, but they know it, hence all the ""anti-voter-fraud"" measures and having the Voting Rights Act nullified. They rely on low voter turnout to win."	12
">And the Shah was swept back into power by popular demand of the Iranian people. More so than your uninformed pop-history shit would let on. That's not to say he was a nice guy. But neither was Mossadegh. One of them was legitimate, one wasn't. One ruined the Iranian economy in their time in power, the other didn't."	12
"> Those who enforce the law cannot decide when or under what circumstances it is enforced. This isn't even close to true, and you know it. It happens every day at ever level of government. Does it bother you because it's this President, or because his administration has made a common-sense adjustment to the law?"	12
"You say that, but there are frequent reports of massive, profitable corporations that pay zero in taxes. And while corporate taxes are a concern, so too are effective tax rates on the upper class. CEOs and such. The whole thing is skewed heavily to favor those who already have wealth, as opposed to those who don't."	12
"CEOs are like like professional athletes. The best at making money for their shareholders earn the most money. Ultimately it's a Board of Directors that decides what it's worth to pay the guy/gal at the top to make them more money. If they don't pay the 10s of millions needed to aquire/keep top talent, their competitors might."	12
"Okay... here's the thing: you disapprove for a reason. ""All Muslims are out to kill us"" Is Islamophobia and leads to unfair bigotry. Do you, for instance, refuse to serve/interact with Muslims because they are evil? Or are you more likely to talk to them about your objections and start a lively argument?"	12
"But know this Rene, a lot, a very big **lot** of women absolutely do and will come to hate Speaker Gingrich. They vote with ideas like this and he will be paired against the unimpeachable character of Obama. I've been hearing women who hate politics and ignore anything beyond Dancing with the stars weigh in about what a fucking piece of shit Gingrich is. Car"	12
"Tax dollars at work. We, as a people, are punishing this man of conscience while protecting the people who decided to waterboard someone over 80 times. I don't think people get how painful waterboarding is. It's basically just like drowning except you don't ever get the benefit of blacking out. They give you just enough oxygen so you'll be awake for some more"	12
"Ok, seriously, do these guys think rape is like not wiping your feet when you enter a home? Why do they seem to keep downplaying it? And this case doesn't seem to be an attack on abortion, it's just some off-the-cuff comment. But he really does seem to think rape is not a big deal. Am I wrong in this?"	12
"Patented plant products have been around long before GMOs, and you're either parroting some anti ag tech BS you found, or you're making stuff up. All the companies I listed manufacture patented plant products. No one has been sued for mere incidental contamination, that's a myth that won't die."	12
"Yes, just a few bad apples, nothing to see here. It's totally reasonable to expect that a few bad apples can get away with systematic crime for years on end, often in public places, without any of their colleagues ever noticing, even if their colleagues professionally detect crime for a living. Sounds legit."	12
"And even then over 70% of Americans did not approve of it when it was made legal. Talk about ""activist"" judges! Meanwhile, polls show over 50% of Americans support same-sex marriage and it is STILL illegal. If we treated interracial marriage the way we treat same-sex marriage, interracial marriage would not have been legal until the '90s!"	12
"I reside with you, but I refuse to stake claim to this system as my republic until Senator Warren (or someone like her) is President once again. My republic died in 1803, her grave was looted in 1886 with the railroad cases and the Lockner verdict, and the Jekyll Island collective pissed on her remains."	12
"I like when people say ""You want philosophy X? But you had candidate in party Y! Surely all party Y believes X don't they?"" GWB is a neo-conservative Ron Paul is a libertarian Just because they both have a (R) after their name doesn't mean they agree on the proper scope, size, and role of government. Open your mind and stop stereotyping."	12
"I'm sorry, is the Supreme Court using the Fourteenth Amendment to enforce federal drug laws on the states? No? Your comment is entirely irrelevant to the position we're objecting to? Just checking, thanks. Nobody's saying the Federal government should have all the power. But it should certainly be able to protect civil rights from states that want to crimi"	12
"> but at least he wants to allow states This argument was already decided with Civil Rights in the 60's. There are states that will happily infringe on the rights of minorities if they are given the chance; whether they be religious, racial, or sexual preference minorities. Telling gays (or blacks or Buddhists) to ""move to another state"" isn't a good answer."	12
"Ron Paul abuse aside, I loved the part where they kept repeating the FALSE talking point that Obama wants to drop the work requirement for welfare. It's a lie, they were called on it by bipartisan fact checkers, but they keep repeating it. It's getting traction in focus groups do it doesn't matter that it's not true."	12
"We let them speed through our streets, detain anyone they please, and even arrest/taze/shoot us, all at their discretion. If they have the kind of personality that would allow them to get into a pissing contest with a couple kids who are obviously looking to get into a confrontation, they don't deserve to be peace officers."	12
"Divine Intervention or not. Events are not going the GOP's way. From not getting a bump from his VP pick, to a possible muddled convention. To constantly being on the defensive on the issues. And an unrelenting questioning of tax returns. The economy is not giving Romney the opening he needs. The only thing working for him is that he has a huge stack of cash"	12
"You can't claim to be against totalitarianism (I know you didn't say you were, but I'm assuming) and advocate ""culling the stupid"". I think the problem has far more to do with ignorance and misinformation than an incapability to understand. And even if half the population were retarded, they're still citizens. They deserve what small say we're allowed to hav"	12
Way to apply labels that are totally incorrect to discredit people for no reason other than you think you disagree with them. There is enough corruption in the way government handles it's money that people should be skeptical of everything they do. If you aren't skeptical then you aren't paying attention.	12
"So, so many things wrong with this video. This was a perfect example of the Gish Gallop and trying to refute what it's claiming is near futile considering how much stupidity was packed into it. It sounds like the creator of the video is proposing communism. There's a reason that's never worked in history -- it ignores the concept of incentives, and humans inva"	12
"You don't really believe that Reddit is hard core Anti-Semitic, do you? Criticizing Israel's fucked up policies is no different than saying Muslim terrorists are fucked up - you wouldn't go around thinking everyone hates all Muslims or Islam would you? I'm sure you respect Islam and Muslims and just don't like violent or evil people or violent or evil regimes"	12
"The world's second oldest profession: Outlaw some victimless activity that people are going to do despite prohibition, then run a protection racket on the supply, and bust any free-lancers to demonstrate what a great job you are doing. Bonus points for entrenching entire classes of society in making a living at it (includes cops, prisons, propagandists promot"	12
">if he can't slap China on the wrist cause the constitution tells him not to, he's a highly ineffective leader in a global society The constitution does not tell him ""not to"" It just does not explicitly state to intervene in another country's internal affairs and does not explicitly state that the United States is the moral authority of the world."	12
"We're talking about *police unions* here and not unions generally in case you didn't notice. I have noticed this tendency among pro-union people that every time a disgusting, criminal, horrible union like a police union is brought up, they immediately react as if someone is making an attack on all unions and the very concept of unions. Defensive much? Doesn'"	12
"LOL Fine by me. Lets send the executives and plant operator to jail instead. THats what would happen if I poured a bunch of oil on a local lake and set it on fire. IM glad you are here to show what Jefferson was talking about. >""Merchants have no country. The mere spot they stand on does not constitute so strong an attachment as that from which they draw their"	12
"wait a minute, i dont think at the same time you want laws and punishment to be based on morality because then you're trying to legislate morality and that's generally a bad thing. damages done to company like in this case shouldn't be based on whatever the company say. I don't think you need the immoral argument to lower the punishment of this sort."	12
"Even doubling the tax rate on everyone wouldn't pay off the annual deficit let alone the current national debts...we're careening towards the edge of the Grand Canyon of Economic Doom....let's cut the divisive ""republican vs. democrat"" bullshit....adopt a ""humanity versus fractional reserve banking"" mindset and oppose the creation of money out of thin air. End"	12
">And you ""just want to get high""? ‡_†_‡_† Yes. What's so wrong with that? I get that it's a lot more relevant for you, but you're still in a minority of those to whom weed concerns. A lot of people don't want to risk jail-time just because they enjoy partying. That's a big deal too and no laughing matter."	12
"Your idea would equate to a lot of single black mothers in prison because their gang banger child shot another gang banger child. About 500 per year in Chicago alone, and those are just the deaths. Should the parent(s) go to prison only if their child kills someone with a firearm? What if they just maim someone?"	12
"I bet a lot of ""criminals"" we're stopped this way, even if not, they will make up the stats anyways. It is odd that she visited the same place in mexico every month. That might of had something to do with the search. I will now stay far away from the border. Oh wait, nevermind I'd like to sue them for enough to make their lives hell."	12
Suuuure they do. Everyone is just all cheers and pom poms for ACA. http://www.nytimes.com/2015/01/06/us/health-care-fixes-backed-by-harvards-experts-now-roil-its-faculty.html?smid=tw-nytimes http://kff.org/interactive/health-tracking-poll-exploring-the-publics-views-on-the-affordable-care-act-aca/	12
"Americans scare so easy. That is why politicians use it . You would think it would lose power after time, but nope. The Bush/Cheney/Condi mushroom cloud worked so well, why not do it again and again. ISIS is no threat to us. They are a problem for the Iraqis and other middle easterners. ISIS is pretty busy right where they are."	12
"That headline... So now not raising taxes = a handout, and raising taxes = savings to the government. The only way this logic holds is if you take the position that all private capital in the country is owned by the government and the amount of money you earn after taxes is simply the size of the handout the government is giving you."	12
"Gun laws passed and what happens? http://www.aic.gov.au/statistics/violent%20crime.html Sexual assault up 21% Assault up 35% Kidnapping not down. Murder did go down slightly (after it went up) but then again murder is down in the US too and we have loads of guns. If guns are the fuel of murder, why is murder down to 1969 levels in the US even though there are"	12
Ok honey. Contribute to the fact that 41% of transgender people attempt suicide in their lifetime when the average is about 1%. I'm glad you get to feel all proud about yourself because you're clinging to some outmoded philosophy of ignorance. Words hurt my friend. It's reality and your mother should have taught you better.	12
"False optimism isn't a distinctive characteristic of the Clinton campaign, so much as it's a distinctive characteristic of *all* political campaigns threatened with defeat. All well and good that you wish that she concede. But expecting her to say ""we're rather disappointed"" or ""we're probably going to lose"" is just silly."	12
"Not even really ambiguous, for anyone with a brain. The term ""State"" has always referred to nations. It's the #2 definition in the dictionary. And I have yet to see this mind-numbingly obvious fact pointed out on a single media outlet, regardless of political leaning. And that is why America is on the decline, because we are literally this stupid."	12
"You can make up stuff all you want. The fact is, the bill gives doctors immunity if they intentionally withhold medical information from a woman in order to influence her decision. Furthermore, there is a long history in the Republican party of demands for doctors not only to be allowed to withhold information but to be allowed to withhold medical care itself."	12
">Stop pretending the south was defending some noble cause - it was defending slavery. The south was defending slavery and treason. And those who defend that are literally defending treason against the USA. People may have the right to argue in favor of treason against the US, but they shouldn't expect us loyal Americans to like it."	12
"How do you prosecute someone that can defund your office on a whim, have you arrested and get spook agencies to plant any degree of false evidence necessary to send you up the river for life? That's *after* you get past their ability to retroactively decriminalize any dirty dealings they're all involved in."	12
">I don't trust anyone that might make money off of this shit. Unfortunately, the people not making money off of this shit aren't anywhere *near* the shit, because they're busy doing their actual jobs. Even nonprofits have an incentive to push their particular slant on things to maintain their funding/salaries."	12
"> The doctor is not holding your life in his hands Except that he is. > you are free to go to another doctor. Unless there's not another cancer specialist? > You have no right no compel the doctor to do anything for you, unless he decided to do so voluntarily. That doesn't have anything to do with the problem. He is still coercing you through the market."	12
"""All the lazy people"" are only lazy because what a liberal is motivated by isn't hate and fear. It's easy to send someone to the polls on a single issue they are extremely afraid of. If something results in viewpoints which should not have equal representation because they don't have equal supporters, that is a win for the people, painting it as unfair is laugh"	12
"No, it will FORCE 25 million Americans to pay a company that's job is to fuck them protection money from bankruptcy unless they get too out of line. edit: I should mention I would vote for it. I support its better points. I wouldn't call it much of a reform. Its paying off insurance companies to be less evil, that is not reform."	12
"Exactly, the background checks work because we say so. Liberals will use facts about the ATF being neutered and background checks are not really done or this New York Times article about internet gun sales to prove they are right. Facts and Evidence have no place in politics. Also we know that felons need self defense too who are also part of the common folk."	12
"I was speaking specifically of Britain's policy of always having a navy twice the size of the next largest power (France, Germany, the US prior to the Second World War). I'm not going to rehash America's substantial role in winning the conflicts of the 20th Century. I will say that sometimes Britain gets relegated to an also-ran, which isn't really just."	12
"Your opinion on this matter is of low value. It's not the case that all opinions are equal. Some opinions are better than others, some opinions are stupid, some are destructive, some are useful or enlightening. Not all opinions are created equal and if you lack any discretionary skill whatsoever in judging between, you shouldn't assume everyone else is equal"	12
">Lack of a media shitstorm isn't good contradictory evidence. Haha. You want contradictory evidence, but you haven't provided any original evidence. The video doesn't prove voter fraud, and contrary to your assertion, a representative not complaining that someone from the other party stole their vote **is** pretty good evidence that no votes were stolen."	12
"Hey, relax, I said ""probably."" It's not meant to be taken personally, because it's just a guess. You probably don't understand that putting an innocent man on trial without substantial evidence is a grievous violation of conduct, but that's probably because you're a two-bit armchair jockey who has no actual familiarity with the law."	12
"> but Heller established that banning an entire class of arms is unacceptable. Really? Again, you seem to be imposing your imagination. Heller says pretty clearly that banning dangerous and unusual classes of weapons is allowed. And I think ""dangerous"" covers a VERY large subset of all weapons as being allowed to be regulated or banned from being carried."	12
"Forget Greece, look what they did to the soda companies, with aluminum price fixing, with huge storage's in Detroit. If I were Coca Cola or Pepsi Co, I would have a pull army of future traders to attenuate fluctuations in raw material pricing. Its time corporation feel scared of other corporations. We (puny humans) don't even matter in the whole scale of things"	12
"She must not get in. I plead to every voter for her. I'm not even in America, but if she gets in then the rest of the world will need to increase their supply of brown trousers. Over in Europe we had the reformation to sort all of that stuff out way before the USA even existed. Millions of people died for separate state and church. Just sayin'."	12
"failure to punish powerful white collar criminals will bring more crime in the future. when these guys commit crimes, the whole fucking planet weeps. that's why it's so important to enforce laws and deter future violations. capitalism doesn't work without law enforcement and sanctions for fraud. [alan greenspan admitted as much in his testimony]"	12
"When we're the old fucks, we'll be the generation of Americans that just assume of politicians that if their lips are moving, they're lying. And since life is a big circle, the youth of that time will believe every thing they hear. They'll be waiting for us to die off because we just don't trust the politicians who are only trying to make the world a better pla"	12
being outspoken about presidents is important though. Not enough spoke out when the 2000 election was stolen. Too few spoke out when a war was started using a lie in 2003. Too few are speaking out about our current NSA surveillance clusterfuck. Things need to be addressed and if you have to shout all the way to the top - so be it.	12
"The rapture didn't come for Harold Camping. In related news, the hockey stick temperature increases Al Gore was talking about didn't come either. Both take a leap of faith, and there's vast evidence standing in opposition. But at least the religious people aren't taxing you for not believing in Jesus."	12
"You're probably right, but so what? The electorate certainly values looks in a candidate, along with many other superficial characteristics. If Obama was missing one of his two front teeth and showed it on national television, he would not have been elected. Attractiveness matters. Seems to me you are pointing out the obvious."	12
"Since the one purpose of a gun is to kill, there does need to be a higher bar of responsibility. But I do believe if the owner of a car makes it accessible to someone else, in an irresponsible way(leave keys in car, etc), then yes, the owner should be be held culpable. You want rights without responsibility. Like a little kid."	12
"It's no secret that the Democrat party has been coopted by the intelligence community, meaning that the current leadership is strongly in favor of ""security"". We knew this on day one. If you just realized this, than you're almost three years late to the party. So, uhm, welcome to the party. It's true, Obama let himself get overrun by security interests."	12
"How is it that Bohener looks into the camera and clearly admits to passing out a bribe and then have the balls to say that they're trying to stop this. This is sickening. If that was then, I don't even want to imagine what he does now and how he's bribed. As a little guy in this country, I feel so powerless. Not saying that I had more power as a voter but I fee"	12
"Often times you don't have to actually answer any questions at the roadblocks. In some states, DUI checkpoints are implicitly consented to when getting a drivers license, but otherwise at the immigration checkpoints or whatnot you can completely ignore their ""are you an american"" question and just start spouting bullshit and they will just tell you to move alon"	12
"The religious right is petrified because it sees that its long insistence that women are inferior to men is being flouted by strong, powerful, innovative females the world over. To fight back, they wish to return us to the barefoot and pregnant days. Too little, too late guys. Keep pounding the nails in your own coffins."	12
">i get your point you payed more taxes and want to complain that Obama didn't cut your taxes. No, the only reason I spoke up was because you were saying that sales taxes should not be considered taxes nor should they be lumped into ""taxes you paid"". >Well I didn't buy anything and paid no taxes at all. So Can I say Obama Cut my taxes 100%?? No, I think we sh"	12
"The best part. Once these industries start getting big profits, big business will lobby/bribe congress to privatize it. Then they'll jack up the price and lower the quality while taxpayers get shafted. Yet again. Edit: All after fighting tooth and nail to kill these industries before they can even see the light of day."	12
"I understand the importance of such services, but I disagree strongly with the kind of compensation the people involved get. Besides, I have the feeling that nobody cares about risk management anymore and the whole system just became a big casino. That's why it is so scary to see the brightest people being lured into this instead of contributing to society in a"	12
"Thats it! Now we know why the repugs have any supporters at all. Their selfish bastards! The idea isn't to help those who are paying the hefty tax, its to pay for those not able to produce an income. Unfortunately not everyone in a society is going to be able to contribute to the economy; some will actually be drains (old people). shall we shoot the current"	12
"The general Democrat idea is to boost taxes on the Rich to pay for it. To be honest, we should've been doing that a long time ago, but this is as good a reason as any. Republicans, however, are throwing themselves bodily on the gears and wheels of the government itself to prevent just that. Democrats are shit, but at least they have SOME of their priorities str"	12
"I think I'll let the Supreme Court decide what is and is not part of Constitutional history when it comes to making decisions on the Constitutionality of issues that come before the courts. I mean, I know you Reddit liberals would like Franken replace the Supreme Court and decide cases himself while you furiously masturbate while listening to his very words, b"	12
"You do know that in many of those nations, the people who aren't starving, etc. are often happier than us? Human happiness has little to do with electronic gadgets, McMansions, or shitting in water. You can find many, many people with all the ""finest"" hallmarks of 1st world living who'd do anything just to have people who gave a genuine shit about them and wha"	12
"Because getting a dude thrown in jail is clearly preferable to simply talking to him about the nuisance. Why couldn't these alienated, impolite, shitty human beings have simply knocked on his door and said ""hey, we smell your pot, please take measures so that we don't have to""? I may have answered my own question."	12
"The surpreme court is the most powerful part of the United States government. Nominating a surpreme court justice and the subsequent approval process is *the* single greatest check and balance in the United States government. With 5 surpreme court justices in your pocket you could literally do anything you want, declare anything unconstitutional."	12
"The president is always somewhat popular. Really, really dumb people see authority figures as infallible, so a lot of them jump on the president's bandwagon. If it wasn't for the Republicans' obstructing, horrible legislation would destroy market confidence and violate economic principles. I wish they would obstruct more."	12
"I saw a TV report the other day about farmers not being able to get their crops picked/harvested. However, I didn't hear any of them offering to pay a living wage so that those in the country legally might work for them. So, screw you Farmer Redneck. I've never understood why the minimum wage laws don't apply to agricultural workers anyway."	12
"> Business should not depend on government to stay in business. But they *do* depend on government. > Our Constitution doesn't mention floating business as one of its specified powers. Maybe not, but we're still in a depression. > chronic deficit spending How about we invade the Cayman Islands instead?"	12
"Why are people arguing over this, they are the people that educate the future. $30k in 9 months or a year, who gives a fuck, they should be paid more so we can properly invest in our future as a nation. Do you think that $30k in 9 months is being overpaid for someone with a college education and who has the responsibility of educating hundreds of young people"	12
"plus, being short 1 vote for a supermajority is no excuse to not try. ""Oh but they threatened to filibuster"" THEN MAKE THEM FILIBUSTER. THEN WAIT THROUGH IT AND PASS THE LEGISLATION. I'm not even a fan of Obama, I think his policies are bad for the country, but the fact that his supporters don't demand that their leaders be more aggressive is pretty pathetic"	12
"And I (don't) love how apologists for the state always try to dodge the issue of organized government violence. If you think that violent solutions are preferable to peaceful ones, all I can say is that you probably have some family issues to work out. Meanwhile, there are plenty of other government worshipping apologists for violence to keep you company."	12
"80% of the lawsuits proving voter discrimination still occur in the districts covered by section V. Note, this isn't just ""alleged"", this is the ones that go to trial and are decided for the plaintiff. This is nationally, the vast majority are in these handful of states/districts covered. So clearly these districts have entirely reformed, right?"	12
"hahaha, yeah I mean we've cut 'em off from driving at a certain age, can't we do the same with voting, and maybe taking away their right for opinion? I mean, if someone was like 'OK! When you turn ___ you get to sit in this building with a bunch of people your age and smoke pot aaaaalll daaaaay long' Seriously, when we're all geezers, it WILL be like this :) ("	12
"Oh god, blackberries, the horror! Also, many ""weeds"" are beneficial. As are many insects. What isn't wholesome and healthy are those neighbors who spray pesticides and herbicides all over their perfectly manicured lawns to keep up property values. I'd much rather have weeds and blackberries than be exposed to that shit."	12
"So, the guy who had a custom made ceramic knife to hide in a hairbrush had a legitimate reason to have it going through airport security, and just forgot it was in his bag? There are plenty of ways to get around a scanner, I don't deny. But if a ship is sinking, you don't decide to not plug the hole because there will be leaks anyway, and someone might scratc"	12
"Right - having a permit does not make you a trained, veteran marksman who, like some sort of super hero, can see through the dark, ignore the the tear gas and shoot the spot on the killer's body not covered in armor. The screaming, stampeding people , flying bullets and action movie in the background would distract even the best trained soldier."	12
">it emphasizes being dicks to others for individual gain. For one, you're talking about Ayn Rand's objectivism, which has very little to do with libtertarianism. Rand was a harsh critic of libertarians when she was alive. Second, it's not about ""being a dick to others for individual gain,"" (neither objectivism nor libertarianism), it's about governance withou"	12
"If the middle class wants congress to do something to help them they need to stop voting Republican because god, guns and gays and instead vote for their economic best interest by supporting unions, increasing the minimum wage, and voting to increase government investment in education and infrastructure."	12
">Really? The man had no free will in the matter, and his personal safety required lethal force in this situation? Yes. A 65 year old man on a bicycle jumped by 3 teenagers, one of whom has already knocked the old man off his bike and caused him bodily harm... he can assume that his personal safety *required* lethal force. And the law also grants him this right"	12
"The British considered our founding fathers to be 'terrorists' when the revolutionary war broke out. Today, we consider these men the best of patriots. It makes me wonder how Bundy and those who support him will be viewed once the people of this country finally realize that they no longer live in a democratic nation."	12
LOL Really? A poll conducted by the climate change group at Yale is somehow valid? REALLY? If it had been conducted by a non partisan group I would give it some credence. It seems Gallup found most Americans could care less about climate change. Seems there isn't much validity to Yale Climate Changes poll.	12
"My college campus - where a big ""police oppression"" event took place - now has a group of Occupiers that have put up a big banner which states, ""REVOLUTION IS THE ONLY CULTURE"". And you know what? I'm pretty vocal about the horrendous job our Legislature is doing, but I'd rather stick with the status quo than those commies."	12
"I can prove Obama is not a wimp. All of his policies are conservative in nature. from supply side economics to infinite wars, Obama deeply believes in far right ideology. For him to be ""wimpy"" would require his beliefs to be the opposite. This wimpy meme is just another layer of denial about Obama's true nature."	12
">What Obama calls ""infrastructure"" is more federal money to police, fire fighters and teachers Really? From what I read of the bill, *outdated roads, bridges, trains, and airports* are included in ""infrastructure"". >He promised that unemployment would not exceed 8%. Source please. >You guys want to sign up for this again? Yes please."	12
"Clearly the police are misinterpreting the law or just using it as a way to cover their asses for letting someone they should have arrested go free. That being said, it wasn't even the cop's right to make that call. They know that this guy killed another person. Whether or not it was justified by the stand your ground law is something that a jury should decide"	12
"If you make under $40,000 (up to mid 50k with certain deductions), you don't pay taxes. They get it all refunded at the end of the year, and are also eligible for many social programs. This argument is fundamentally flawed. The middle class suffers most from this. Not the poor. Downvotes are fine, completely your prerogative, but I challenge you, if you downvo"	12
"I agree with you and obviously I could care less about karma or the opinion of the masses. It just pisses me off when people talk out of their ass (not you, the people who regardless of facts think Manning is a hero). Lastly, my last post was not about you in anyway so I hope that you didn't take it as me ranting on you."	12
"Sure, and it's in the audio and video the police won't release (wonder why!). Even then you're ignoring that the alert company called and that he cracked the door and verified he was fine. That his niece was in the hall and probably could have been allowed to talk him down or let them or her in. Or you know, you can just ignore facts."	12
"> Almost as if rehabilitation is the only reasonable solution remaining. If she sticks to it, which many addicts do not. Better not to risk it, and not to let her get away with the real damage she has already done. You think a mom should just be able to give her kid fetal alcohol syndrome and suffer no consequences? That is pretty messed up."	12
"If you want to talk about old-fashioned ways, you must be referring to civilized duels that even one of our Presidents took part in. Those were ""settling things"" between two people at an agreed upon time. It's not like driving by in a car and openly firing on a crowd because you hope to kill the one guy you want to actually kill."	12
"drunk driving *on a public road* is illegal in and of itself, just like not complying with the rules for a licensed seller of alcoholic beverages or not complying with the rules for a licenses airplane pilot. This is because you are not complying with the rules for a licensed driver on public roadways, which is illegal."	11
"It's not only Republicans that pander to big Defense and other industries that aren't necessarily looking out for ""our future success"" - and by the way, who's success are you referring to? The future success of the elite ruling class is a lot different from the future success of the American middle class."	11
Over half the people on welfare are kids. I suppose eating makes them dependent for life. Throwing them in the streets without food would teach them a powerful life lesson. Food stamps give lazy people 1.50 a meal to purchase caviar and lobster. That kind of lush living makes people want to stay in that spot all their lives.	11
"I'm leaving. I signed up to go to school in Beijing at BLCU to learn Chinese. This will cost $3,500 a year at a great school in one of the biggest cities on Earth. I will proceed to get a good job in China because I worked for a green energy company and will be able to speak Chinese. The moral of this story is get out while you still can."	11
"No business should understand that happy employees are much more productive and much more of a benefit to their company than un-happy ones who are unhappy because they barely make enough to survive and are working themselves to death to just barely hang on. So the business that realizes this, will blow all these slave wage loving businesses out of the water. Si"	11
Are we really going in this circle again? These are clearly not the same event from 2 angles. The action in the first video is plainly intended only to beat students who have nothing to do with the tents other than attending the same event as the tents. But I guess the line for justifiable force for you is being sent to the hospital. If you've got nothing e	11
"If you don't like tax loopholes, you don't need a flat tax. Eliminate the loopholes. But of course ""common sense conservatives"" would not dream of doing such a thing. They seem to think nobody's noticed that they have been in power for 8 years in the most recent stretch and all they did with taxes was to reduce them - for the rich."	11
"Dang it most people in the US who are below the official poverty line are unemployed. Only 2.5% of ""poor"" in the US have full-time employment. Plus the fact that someone at the poverty line in the US has a higher standard of living than most people on the planet. Poor is living on $1 a week without access to clean water or a nutritive diet."	11
"I'm not going to dig up all the sources for you because you have google &amp; can do it yourself, but check out this article from Jan. http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2013/01/17/marijuana-possession-arrests_n_2490340.html If mere possession arrests outweigh violent crime arrests I'd say that's evidence enough our priorities are way wrong and this."	11
"What I mean is, if you start pointing out to lawyers that the commerce clause has been reinterpreted to mean the opposite of what it says, and that every lawyer is taught to put their fingers in their ears and go NANANANANAANANA whenever anyone mentions the IXth and Xth Amendments... They claim that as long as we elected the fuckers, it's OK."	11
"She stated that she though that charity was only a minor virtue, and that charity, properly conceived, is not self-sacrifice. You could honestly want and take greater satisfaction in giving money or your time to someone else. The point was that self-sacrifice preaches that the action is not virtuous *unless* you'd rather have the money or time yourself, and ins"	11
"you aren't entitled to say whatever you want. you have free speech, but you cannot yell fire in a crowded theater or make slanderous/defaming statements that are totally false. that ad is beyond misleading. they claim to be from exxon and say they hate children. it's definitely not protected by free speech. it's misleading in its entirety. ask any L1 stud"	11
"It doesn't hurt that his idol is Ayn Rand, who would rise from the grave to throttle him if possible. Well, that and Rand, while interesting as a philosopher, was absolutely not in favor of the policies that modern Republicans espouse. I guess the silver lining there would be that Rand wouldn't much like the Democratic positions either!"	11
"As a Canadian, I'd tell them to go ahead and secure it. Most terrorism has headed north across the border, not south. Anti-Cuban bombings, anti-abortion sniper shootings, anti-Papal-visit bombings, biker gang bombings and shootings, and a continuous flow of criminally imported guns, all heading north."	11
"He raised their pay and created all the services around it including housing and childcare. It was an ingenious trap. Ford then jacked up the hours and no one could afford to quit. He owned them. This is why, when the depression hit and 3 workers were shot by private security at the gate, Ford had **machine gun nests** put up around his home."	11
"Um have you ever lived in Compton, long Beach, watts? Because I have, and as an ex soldier I would still say that statistically it's less likely to die in Iraq than in Los Angeles. Either way that's not my point. My point is that it's not just that the media makes us fear rape and murder, it's that there actually is a shit ton of rape and murder. More so than"	11
"It's not so much stupidity as it is widespread insanity and delusion. Militaristic ""patriotism"" is a religion in America; as stated in the article Americans using ""support the troops"" as a substitute for thought. There are genuinely intelligent people who truly believe that we are the ones to set things right globally. That we're right when 90% of the world thi"	11
"There are robots for all of those jobs. Some hardware, some software. We don't need non-glamourous, unskilled or semi-skilled human labor anymore. So, unless we decide to reorganize our economic system, we're going to see a mass die-off of people by 2050 at the latest due to a mix of economic pressures, acting on those pressures, and government killing of th"	11
And that's only for colon cancer. Pick nearly every other type of cancer and the US comes out well ahead of every European nation. http://mjperry.blogspot.com/2009/08/5-yr-cancer-survival-rates-us-dominates.html > It's almost as if the increased money we spend saves lives. That couldn't possibly be!	11
"How do we clean up politics? 1. Provide that public elections are publicly funded. 2. Limit, and make transparent, independent political expenditures. 3. Reaffirm that when the Declaration of Independence spoke of entities, ""endowed by their Creator with certain unalientable Rights"", it was speaking of natural persons only. * rootstrikers.org"	11
">What if another 9/11 happened, you don't think politicians might call for all Muslims to be rounded up? It happened to Japanese before. An armed population is needed to keep the government in line. I'm having a reallllllyyyyy hard time picturing gun-toting rightwingers out defending Muslims from being placed in internment camps. I mean, like, a **really** ha"	11
"> Might that have something to do with the fact that the Waltons have 'earned' 40% of our nation's wealth? They have as much ""wealth"" as 40% of the country when you count the 23% of the country that has a negative wealth. You could also say that a homeless person with no debt has ""more wealth"" than almost this same percentage of Americans... WHY AREN'T WE TAXI"	11
"Well yeah. *Constitutionally,* the VP has no powers besides the ones you described. But what makes you think that Dick Cheney gives a damn about the constitution? If you read any historical accounts of the Bush administration (I recommend Bob Woodward's ""Plan of Attack"") you can see a lot of evidence of Cheney acting on his own."	11
"> Thus, it could be argued their over-reach in this regard is significantly diminishing future share-holder value. I disagree. The share-holders determine the value; if they thought that verizon's behaviors were harming their future holdings significantly, they would sell. The profit-maximizing construct is fine. It is the shortsightedness of the shareholders"	11
"> Because competition for that profit tends to lower prices overall. > This tendency doesn't seem to hold in the health care industry, But we have very little competition in health-care, due to excessive government regulations. That's exactly *why* we need less government involvement in health-care, not more."	11
"For the record, I stopped giving a crap about the whole shebang a while ago, thanks for the clear and concise update, besides that, the CIA tends to do what it wants regardless of weather it makes sense. Like drone bombing people in Yemen, then coming back around for the first responders 30-45 min later, so... Eh. whether damn it"	11
What is a good common sense law that does not restrict law abiding citizens? There is none because the criminals don't give a fuck about the law. Short of reducing the number of weapons in circulation controlling weapons is not going to fix this. And reducing the number of weapons in circulation will just cause a civil war.	11
"The CBO must be run by a bunch of wives. My wife goes out to the store for a $5.00 pair of slippers and comes back with hundreds of dollars worth of shoes and related footware products. She then proceeds to tell me that she ""saved"" us a few hundreds dollars because they were all on sale for 50% off."	11
"No tangible benefits to America? Forcreal? Putting aside the private technological innovations that Israelis have contributed to society (and Americans), Israel shares a ton of technology with America and a ton of middle east intelligence. To act like its a purely one sided relationship is crazy. Just because America is big and Israel is small doesnt mean tha"	11
">One of the least excusable of today's injustices is that in this country of unsurpassed wealth, it's an abomination that the power elites are casually tolerating poverty pay as our wage floor. How deplorable that they can actually juxtapose the words ""working"" and ""poor"" without blinking, much less blushing Sounds right to me."	11
"I think it's entirely possible that a President Paul would stand firm, forcing Congress to compromise--either entirely give in to his demands of the moment, or to internally agree to override Paul's vetoes. Edit: if two branches of government are ideologically radical at the same time, then the economy is almost certainly doomed, sure."	11
I'm perfectly healthy and have no medications that I'm on. I currently carry insurance for a catastrophic event ($8k deductible) for about $400 a year and see a doctor that gives discounts for cash customers. In 2 years I'll be spending about $5000 a year on insurance which is currently my disposable income. I'm pissed. At least it's helping people that need i	11
">the 2000-2001 years Who was the president in 2000? >But you do try to limit spending... No, that is the very point, you don't. >we could have managed a little better than fuck-all. It is really easy to say someone didn't do enough when all you have to suggest is that they do ""something"", but you can't say what."	11
"Elizabeth Warren comes off as what a Democratic candidate should be. Hillary Clinton would be, like Pres. Obama, another moderate-Republican. I commend her for her service and hard work- but this country doesn't need more moderate-Republican policy. We have tried it for 30+ years now. It doesn't work."	11
"The Bush tax cuts for the rich have been a disaster from the start, as do all tax cuts for the rich. Instead of robbing from the poor and middle class (by taking away jobs, decreasing benefits, lowering pay, etc.) to give to the rich, we should have a more balanced system. What direction do we want America to go, towards the Brazilian model or the Swedish mod"	11
"It says it in the bill...we're outraged because people walking down the street, in a shop...anywhere...can be questioned by police. Before if they didn't ""probable cause to believe a crime was being committed"" they didn't have the right to ask anyone for ""their papers""...Be real about this, and truthful. Please."	11
"Identify those companies and stop buying stuff from them when possible. Edit: Occupy doesn't seem to be about the 99%'s inability to use the system. The protesters feel that the system is stacked against them. It isn't, it's just harder for 297 million people to organize themselves and decide where to put their money."	11
"You would be totally correct, and many still believe the lie that businesses create jobs. They don't. Need creates jobs. If you want to downsize your business, by ask means, that's your right, but you won't reduce the need, and someone who is happy making 1 million a year instead of 1.2 million will gladly fill in for you."	11
"Blasphemy laws are utter garbage. In Australia's history I believe only one person has been found guilty of blasphemy, and this was in the late 1800s. Even the Judge thought it was a bit over the top seeing as this guy was just a raving loony. ""Piss Christ"" couldn't even be found blasphemous is court."	11
">As much as it can be unpleasant to live in a country where even lies are protected speech, I much prefer that to living in a country where they throw people in jail for ""religious hatred."" You act as if there is nothing in between. It should be a rule that if you call yourself a news organization you're subject to different rules."	11
"Ha, ha! Good idea! But she probably only thinks that one 'Book' has been all she's needed to read. And she probably hasn't even read THAT one all the way through. She certainly missed the part about ""But the meek shall inherit the earth; and shall delight themselves in the abundance of peace."""	11
"At least we know he didn't get there legitimately. You see, from what I understand of political scientists, if it's a legitimate election, the political process has ways of shutting that whole thing down. That whole thing being troglodytes like Broun or Akin being allowed anywhere near positions of responsibility. Or sharp objects, for that matter..."	11
"they would change the constitution to be a christian nation, destroying a great ideal created at country conception. they don't want personal liberty - they want to know if you are smoking joints and having sex with women out of marriage (or, gasp, men). They want to make rape victims carry the baby to term. I don't get how that is freedom."	11
">requirement that the threat be imminent. Again, someone following you is not a threat. If Zimmerman pulled the gun before anything else happened, then Martin would be completely justified in hitting him. But there is no evidence to support this hypothesis, and the evidence that exists works against it."	11
"this is the exact same question I brought up to my religious friend. she wants abortion illegal but wouldn't punish the girl. I told her that if you would send a murderer to jail for life, but you wouldn't punish a girl for having an abortion, then you don't believe it is murder. she had much the same response as the bishop. changing the subject, not answer"	11
"Why is this being downvoted? They are almost certainly trumped up charges. A man with no history of sexual misconduct ""rapes"" two volunteers at the same conference? Come on. If all the Swedes want to do is question him for investigative purposes they could do that over the phone. No need to extradite him."	11
"Right now that's the worst thing you could do. You do that and you will become the poster child for the anti American sentiment of OWS. Just look at how the ""conservative"" media is trying to tie the White House Shooter to the Occupy movement. They are trying to divide the public in the same way they always have."	11
"you'd think lawmakers would be good at...writing laws. well thought out impact analysis, conformity to desired policies, elegant phrasing to draw clear lines of what is ok and what is not ok...but..their/our laws seem to be like a hodge podge mess... i guess because their first career isn't law-making, it's politics. ah well... so sad.."	11
"For one thing, the economy has stablized, healthcare reform exists, and basically effective management practices are in place in the White House. These things happened under Obama, and what the country needs most, is to continue with the same kind of policies, not seek radical changes that would destroy much of the recovery that happened over the last 8 years."	11
"But remember, if the sea levels don't rise; that is really a sign of global warming ... uhhh climate change. See when the sea levels rise, that is because we produce too much carbon, but when the sea levels fall that too is because we produce too much carbon and when the sea levels stay the same ... again we produce too much carbon. We really need to do so"	11
"I have trouble with his appointments. I have trouble with all presidents appointments. Geithner was a regulator who did not regulate. Paulson was a Goldman exec who made a billion dollars while running the bank. There were plenty of good economists who warned us about what would happen, yet they were ignored in cabinet appointments. The insiders who warne"	11
"The whole argument is rife with it. I don't have a source, but essentially they believe that free access to birth control and pregnancy management would ""eliminate the risks and costs of having sex"". Those risks and costs are money, money, and money and some Conservatives HATE it when a poor person might have a chance at not being burdened with debt."	11
"Maybe the college fuckoffs, I've been libertarian since I was born- have someone living in my house who can't pay rent because of hours cut, I limit the amount of money I pay for food so he does not get government assistance instead. I fix peoples computers for free, mainly to gain experience but also just to help- if I was a doctor I'd do the same."	11
"Yeah... well, at least in the US they have an independent judiciary, in both name and practice, and freedom of expression. Sucks if you're not american and live in another country, but at least in america, you're not likely to have the government disappear you if you have something bad to say about them."	11
"I'm from Maine, and I mostly agree with your assessment, but I'd put live-free-or-die libertarian NH ahead of RI. EDIT: NH has highway exits directly into tax-free liquor stores for Chrissakes. AFAIK, they're the only state in New England who sell fireworks. No sales or income tax. That's badass."	11
"And the fingerprints all over the document were a perfect match for Karl Rove. The fact of the matter is that Bush did evade his responsibility, whether or not that particular document was a fake. So the story was true, even if the evidence might have been faked. And that is the much more important issue."	11
"Who's burying their head in the sand? I inform myself with a wide range of reputable sources, not a collection of repetitious partisan storylines. When dailykos and americablog scream ""fraud fraud fraud!"" they do so without any shreds of credible evidence. Here is a nice read if you want a little bit of perspective, which frankly I doubt you want. It's much eas"	11
"That's just ridiculously bad inference. We should take a look at things with no demonstrable purpose or benefit that pose a designed, demonstrable and significant threat, sure. Feel free to list things, I'm guessing some sensible debate can be had about all of them. But gun nuts aren't interested in sensible debate. It's just filtered as ""banning everything"""	11
"Actually this was explicitly included in the the concurrent ruling. Part of the law says if the government wishes to pass a law that conflicts with religious practices, that must be the only practical way to achieve the desired goal, which was not the case. If the government wanted these birth control options covered 100%, it could simply subsidize them 100%."	11
"And you're acting like being manhandled by a cop won't hurt her either. She's resisting and has to be subdued. That's going to hurt, whether it's a taser or a person. Of course tasers hurt. That's precisely how they incapacitate. They're designed to hurt. The point you're missing is that a person that needs to be subdued has lost the expectation of pain f"	11
"Did you read what you posted? The definition /u/teddilicious gave you, which you said does not meet the legal definition you posted, is literally in the legal definition you posted, word for word. >1.1An undertaking by the authorities to take no action against specified offenses or offenders during a fixed period"	11
"Because it much more directly targets the issue you raised. Estate tax affects rich people passing on their wealth to their children, who may or may not ""deserve"" it. Income tax affects everyone. Furthermore, if you inherit wealth and just live off that without working more, you don't pay income tax because you don't have income, you have wealth."	11
"Over the years I've found that people detest those who are capable of self sufficiency. It's bigger than racism, bigger than homophobia, both guaranteed to make the news daily. Most peolpe know they are inept prisoners to ""the system"". They can't get away. They both fear and hate people that are truly not ""needy"", and will fuck with them relentlessly."	11
"I've been wondering about Egypt. It sounds like they're getting a failed faux ""democracy"" just like the US. Old dictator with lots of baggage moved out and silenced... check. New CIA plant (Suleiman) installed in shadowy government... check. Sounds a lot like the Bush->Obama transition, frankly, except Bush left on better terms with the CIA."	11
"I don't think you get how Al Qaeda works. It's supposed to be a highly decentralized ""organization"". Anyway, it doesn't matter. Password list? Self destruct passwords? Seriously? (What is your obsession with passwords? Aren't you supposed to be using cryptographic keys, etc.?). Next thing you'll show me is a drawing of a complex cave system complete with ventil"	11
"The appeals process is expensive and takes years, costing millions of dollars in the end, far more than the prison maintenance cost of a life sentence. You could cut that process out, but you would end up executing a lot more innocent people. I'm on my phone and don't have the stats immediately at hand, but ask around reddit, the facts are widely available."	11
"Ron Paul is penny wise and pound foolish. The unemployment rate for college graduates is significantly lower and their pay is higher. They contribute more economically, thus providing a college education is an investment. This is why Obama wants legislation to push costs down as opposed to simply telling people not to go to college."	11
"George W. Bush being president for eight years is pretty good proof. During the Cold War, had the son of a powerful ex-KGB director been president for eight years, no one in America or Europe would have wondered whether or not something was afoot. Because it happens here, it's just easier to pretend that anything having to do with power and politics just hap"	11
"Yeah, I remember all the assorted crazies on the news nearly every night. Pounding drums, shrieking about how evil Bush is. Burning Bush in effigy, Monkey Bush, Hitler Bush. The Iraq war was all fascism and imperialism. > Then as soon as the other party gets in the White House, suddenly the 'usual suspects' of crazies fall silent."	11
">It is in corporations best interest to shut down how open the internet is It is in the interests of a few corporations to close off the Internet. the other 99.999% will be really hurt by doing that. The more they tighten their grip, the more freedoms will slip through their fingers. There will always be a market for freedom."	11
"There used to be a time when senior leadership would smack down the freshman legislators for trying to push wacky ideas. I'm not sure how McConnell (or McCain) could have ever thought that this letter was a good idea, even politically. Either they have totally lost control or they are so far inside the bubble that they just can't see it and are continually b"	11
"You can believe that, but it's a different issue. Obviously the ACA wasn't done out of spite. However you feel about it, trying to sabotage it with the cost falling to the constituents is bullshit. Don't like it? Fine, fight it the way laws get fought. What's happening instead is folks get fucked over out of spite. It is childish and morally reprehensible."	11
"I don't want to pull the country in either the R or D direction, sorry, they won't get my votes. And, yes, I'm very active on the ballot initiative front. ""We"" do a much better job running our country than ""they"" do. I want IRV also, and will fight for it, but in the mean time, I'll continue to vote L."	11
Yes. Statistically insignificant numbers are being reported as news. They do this all the time. Intellectual dishonesty has become the bread and butter of journalism. I'm starting to think the only way to stop this is to inform offending journalists' universities in hopes that they will revoke their degrees.	11
"> One wounded enemy takes out three enemy because it takes two to carry. Unless, just by chance, the enemy doesn't care about that. A gun is a weapon that is designed to kill. It has no other function than to kill. The reason it is used to kill is entirely dependent upon the one who is using it, but that does not change the fact that a gun is a weapon made to"	11
I blame the special interests because they stood in the way of universal single payer all these years. You do realize that we are paying 2-3 times what countries with socialized medicine pay? That would certainly cut down on the unsustainable rise total health care spending vs. GDP. We also need to move away from the fee for service model.	11
"Sorry man. I'm an engineer. When I see people just totally butcher basic scientific logic and reasoning, I get a little anal about it. The sad thing is that I thought reddit would be on board with me calling out someone who posted a clearly flawed video and analysis and trying to pass it off as some sort of proof."	11
">why is a cops life more valuable then a normal persons. >why is a rapists life more valuable then a normal persons. You are equating cops to rapists. Or maybe I really am failing to understand your point, maybe you could rephrase it? >I doubt you'd be so {self righteous, happy, other positive things} if he killed a {rapist, bag of puppies} instead of a cop."	11
"> It's funny how the SOPA protests were all 500% more effective than Occupy protests. Why? Glad you asked. Because SOPA would have cost large corporations immense profits. It was only after they joined the fight, and became out temporary mascots, that the government's collective ears perked up a bit."	11
Illusion of choice argument again. We should create a link to an established diatribe on how democracy works in the American electoral system. Then maybe the people making the argument that it's the voters fault for approving corrupt politician #2 instead of corrupt politician #1 would climb down from their soapbox.	11
"It's an Oligopoly, with no incentive to truly ""compete"". Is it any wonder that things seem the same irrespective of which ""party"" is in power? The challenge is how to throw the yoke off and keep the republic intact. Note how the Egyptian military is increasingly ""hijacking"" their movements toward democracy."	11
"The law states that the government cannot endorse any specific religion, not that church and state should be separated. In other words, if I worked for a government building, they can*not* tell me I can't practice my religion, nor can they tell me what religion *to* practice. No separation, just no endorsement."	11
"see, you're walking your statement back again you said he was close to cancellation. you didn't say it looked bad or rings an alarm bell. syndicated shows lose advertisers and affiliates all the time. i'm not saying it's not a problem. but saying it means he's anywhere close cancellation is just you seeing what you want to see."	11
the sequester is Obama's suggestion. How do you like your trillion dollar stimulus that accomplished nothing and Obamacare that was supposed to stimulate the economy now. Obama almost doubled the deficit in 4 years. http://www.cbsnews.com/8301-503544_162-57400369-503544/national-debt-has-increased-more-under-obama-than-under-bush/	11
"> I'm asking about people who generally trust the market vs. people who generally trust government. With regard to what? You are implying ""with regard to everything."" That is why you are creating an unwarranted dichotomy. You want one extreme rule to encompass everything. All market v. All government. If you read the posts on this thread you will see that peo"	11
"He doesn't get ""free"" healthcare, it is part of his benefits for working at his job. No different than anyone else who gets health insurance provided by their job. There is a big difference between the government providing insurance to it's employees and providing insurance to every single citizen regardless of their contribution."	11
"""The freedom of the people to keep and bear arms shall not be infringed"". I have no problem with background checks. The laws that the gun control advocates want to pass however will not help. In CA there is a bill that will make ALL semiautomatic long guns illegal if not vetoed. so In a way yes they are trying to ""take our guns""."	11
"> What a concept ‚Äî tax the people who have the money, instead of punishing people who don't? Actually, the concept is taxing those who have money because the infrastructure and stable society benefits them more by allowing business to take place and money to be made. It isn't about punishing the wealthy, either."	11
"You know, when I made this username I thought the Heaven's Gate folks *did* drink koolaid, but apparently I was mistaken. Either way, though, your point is valid. But it's not like I'm some crazy cult leader or aspirational cult leader. Rather, just an atheist who finds absurd the human propensity to follow and believe."	11
"There was no shield from illegal surveillance. The immunity was only for civil (i.e., privacy) lawsuits. If you know of any illegal activity by the telecoms by all means proceed with lawsuits against them. There is *no* immunity for illegal acts. [Edit] Why am I getting downvoted? My post is absolutely correct. If you know of any warrantless wiretaps then"	11
"That would be because the suburbs are a completely unsustainable type of lifestyle. They are ruinous environmentally and are dependent on massive subsidies by the government to keep them going (as in roads, etc.) The whole point of setting up mass transit is to transition to something that can work for the long term."	11
"It isn't fraud, ethically, at least, (IANAL) unless she knowingly deceived to gain employment. She allegedly was openly gay the whole time, and even asked within the scouting organization about the no-gays policy, and was told that it was no longer applicable. No deception, no fraud. If the scouts done fucked up at recruiting, that's hardly her fault."	11
"Two words: Mata Hari. Seriously, when you're working with secure materials, you really, really shouldn't be playing doctor with hookers, and then stiffing them on the bill. Security risk, theft risk, and outright idiocy. I admit there are defintiely more important news stories to cover (like the rest of the conference), but some heads deserve to roll for this"	11
"Yes, a lot of tests are to rule out bad things because when doctors get sued, even if it doesn't go anywhere it has base costs in wasted time, settlements, lawyer fees, etc. But mostly you're just paying for everyone else who isn't paying. What's not to like, isn't this the socialism everyone wanted?"	11
"No, I don't see it. Sorry but I don't think the American population can vote out of their rigged system to do or fix anything. Any meagerly assembled attempt is going to be drag through the mud bureaucratically while the big companies literally squash it with a big pile of cash. The rich will own the banks, own the law and buy the 51% vote to keep themselve"	11
"The obvious thing to do with it is to offshore more work and more projects overseas - that way you can even take a loss, technically on your operations abroad. The high corporate tax screws American business AND American labor, but the brainwashed zombies of liberalism will insist on a 35% corp tax and wonder why they don't get much revenue out of it."	11
> But I will rail against the naturalistic fallacy and paranoia that characterizes much of the anti-GMO crowd. Why do I have to be anti-gmo? Why can't I be pro-information? Why don't I get the ability to know what I put in my mouth on the idea that people are fearful and too stupid to learn what GMO means?	11
You're wrong here. The divisions regarding military actions have never been clearly defined and those lines that have been defined were not or have not yet been crossed by Obama. The War Powers Resolution allows for military force without authorization for 60 days but with notice of 2 days. Obama has done this.	11
"I can see how on the outside it may seem like Obama has best interests at heart, but in the end, he is as misguided by his pretenses as Bush was. Again, I point to his recent poll numbers. He is way out of touch with the common folk but portrays himself as the answer to America's problem, and all he is really doing is making it worse."	11
"Just because we're doing something wrong currently doesn‚Äôt give us license to exasperate the situation. I don't agree that we should be forced to pay for Medicare. Also if universal healthcare were implemented, it would cost me, you, and all working people MUCH more than what we're paying today for Medicare‚Ä¶"	11
"No. It was the smart thing to do. Where would he have been buried? In America? In Afghanistan, in Saudi Arabia? How would you keep the funeral or the grave site from being a target? Who do you release the body to? How do you keep the grave site from being a shrine? No. In my humble opinion, they did the smartest, and only possible thing they could do."	11
The Federal Government wants gray areas and unclear policy. It wants states to have medical marijuana programs so they can send the DEA in to make arrests and seize property/money. Isn't it painfully obvious the whole point of the War on Drugs is to keep the black market strong enough to make endless arrests and seizures?	11
"While I see how Uganda's anti-gay laws are unique in that they were pushed and prodded along with the help of some American evangelical crack pots, there are a lot of anti-homosexuality laws in the world. Should we pass bill's that go after those as well, even if they happen to be nations on our best-buddy list as far as energy economy is concerned? Edited: sp"	11
"The ""could care less"" thing comes down to use of conditional forms, generally subbed under grammar, rather than sentence construction and semantics. ""Could care"" is, essentially, two words making one verb, like ""will run"" to create a future tense verb, or ""had been looking""... Shit, you don't actually care anyway. Back to my coffee."	11
"Sometimes, we don't agree on things. Any form of government will include ""coercive transactions"". If you think otherwise, you are living in la-la land. Your last bit really didn't make much sense except to reiterate that what you are interested in is greed, to the exclusion of any long term effects that might follow from that."	11
"I'm seeing more of this type of disrespect for the U.S. President today. Is this the kind of example we want to set for younger people? The presidency is a very demanding job. People should understand that and respect the person in that position, regardless of how you feel about the decisions he is making."	11
"Two extreme parties battling it out. They are so similar in their starve the beast, kill unions, privatize prisons, no health care, free market will save us all policy. Thankfully they are both groups whose current leaders seem to believe that compromise is unclean, so they cannot come to terms with sharing the extreme right."	11
"Yeah. Knowingly breaking a law with that level of punishment, no matter how dumb it is, means facing the consequences when you're caught. People would still be saying it's a victimless crime, and it is all the same, but all that really matters in reality is the letter of the law. Don't like it? Work to change the law."	11
"upvoted for fact-checking =) >according to polls, Americans are approximately as likely to believe in flying saucers as in evolution but since when is believing in flying saucers mutually exclusive with believing in evolution? =/ (ps. i prefer to say that i accept the theory of evolution, and don't believe that god created the world in six days...)"	11
BUT the agency funding has been hurt through inaction causing lax oversight while more inaction keeps the agency heads unfilled and the laws governing the agencies as out dated. Inaction is a really lame thing that ripples through our entire government and is the end game for starve the beast proponents (along with judiciary overreach).	11
"he is too into the political dealings and saying what needs to be said to get votes. He does not have any real core political beliefs like father. I did not agree with half the things that ron paul said but I would vote for him just because he was honest and had real political beliefs that he did not back done from for any reason, rand paul has none of this"	11
"And, I imagine the Obama camp expects it, and have already inoculated the public discourse against it. I'm actually pretty impressed with the adept-ness of the Dem campaign this cycle. McCain et al are getting their asses handed to them. Palin, while showing some early signs of win, has proven to be an *epic* failure - its all downhill from that."	11
"A guy I went to high school with was sentenced to twenty years for selling LSD, at age 17. He could have been out in less than ten. He has since been sentenced to life for murder in prison. I doubt he would have killed anyone outside. He was no angel but hardly a murderer. Send a kid to the animal factory and guess what you get?"	11
"People will still want things. Food and housing are great, but extra money to be able to spend on top of having these will still be important to most people. You make an assumption that everyone dislikes going to work more than having that extra money. I think you'll find they want things more than they want to avoid work."	11
"That's Paul, not Jesus. Jesus, as quoted by the Bible, said not one word about homosexuality. Paul hated all sex, so it isn't very surprising that he hated homosexuality too. I note that no modern Christian quotes or tries to live by any of the many times Paul wrote that everyone should be chaste."	11
"When and if you get into high school biology, you learn a sperm only has half the DNA of a human being. And you learn when biology says human life begins. See if you can grasp when human life begins with this simple explanation... http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Human_development_%28biology%29#Physical_stages_of_human_life"	11
">It was only a preface, but the sarcastic rant does not have anything to do with Godwin's Law except that both involve analogies to Hitler. Wrong. The sarcastic rant was supposed to be an illustration of the definition of Godwin's Law. It just so happened to be an incorrect definition. It really isn't that hard."	11
"They are not forced onto other countries, most of them are part of negotiations initiated by foreign leaders. If we had gone to 130 countries and demanded military bases, how the devil do you think that conversation would have went? Hell no! That's what they would have said, and should have said, if we had tried to force one on another country. Luckily, Cuba"	11
"Bragging about it was the failure, not the kill. > Obama ran to the cameras and raced to tell the world that bin Laden was dead‚Äì just hours after his body bobbed beneath the waves in the wake of the USS Carl Vinson. He was anxious for the credit, not realizing that the credit would keep. He forgot about the military advantage of surprise."	11
">Only problem: People didn't vote the same way in Congress. But they did. If Congressional seats actually reflected the votes of the electorate at large, we would have a Democratic House. The last round of gerrymandering is the only reason the Republicans we able to hold on to their majority. edit: added source."	11
"How can you say it's clear ACA added jobs? Healthcare has been the only dominant industry in the US economy for well over a decade, and ACA was intended to REDUCE healthcare spending. The simple fact that jobs have been added in the healthcare sector doesn't say anything about the effect of the ACA by itself, as healthcare has been adding jobs hand-over-fist"	11
"Not my point at all, doctors can still get paid without people having to pay each time they visit. I am happy living in a country where my taxes pay for the training and salaries of doctors so that if (god forbid) I have a terrible injury I don't have to worry about if I can afford to get it treated."	11
"> you made the assertion that ""we are We The People who have decided"", claiming that ""society"" is to decide the definition of morality. No. I claimed that society decides the norms by which it governs itself, which in most societies take the form of laws. Societal norms and morality are not the same thing. If you can't draw that distinction then you will ne"	11
I don't think you know how bankruptcy works... Guess who would be on the hook for all the money those bankrupt banks lost? Keeping them afloat was likely cheaper than letting them go under. Canada weathered this recession well because our financial sector is well regulated against the exact sort of thing that happened in the US.	11
>If you don't want gay marriage don't get one. I always had a problem with this kind of argument. For example 'If you don't support Rwandan genocide don't participate in it.' We know Rwandan genocide isn't good (not implying gay marriage is bad) but just because it makes them happy we should allow it?	11
"False. The operator can only suggest, they have no authority and it is ultimately the decision of the individual to make the decision that they are most comfortable with. Following an unarmed kid does not mean you are looking for a fight. It can mean many things, but it does not always mean you are looking for a fight."	11
"I live in Japan. When I spent a year unemployed I had no health insurance. Why? Because health insurance here is provided through your workplace. If you lose your job, to get the national health as an individual, you have to pay for two years back payments to join up. We do not have universal coverage here and the topic of this post is not correct regarding Jap"	11
"Give him some credit - yes, it was the GOPs baby, but they had a lot of help from Democrats in getting this shit passed, and Bill Clinton signed it into law. There's plenty of blame to go around here, even if the republicans deserve the lion's share. Don't be like the republicans who blame everything on the democrats - acknowledge that the democratic party ena"	11
"To most christians, i was raised catholic btw, this earth was made for us to use. They feel completely content trashing the planet because after all, the rapture is the only ""logical"" end for this planet. Climate change is just a road bump on the earths path to its end. I've heard this chain of logic so many times it hurts."	11
"The Republican platform is still far closer to my values than the Democrat, and I won't be voting Democrat instead - but there is a limit to how far I am willing to support a party whose new motto seems to be ""I bet I can fit a little more corruption in there. Oh look, I can, and there's still room for more!"" I've reached that limit."	11
"Read the article, no, he did not. His staff misplaced it. And it's not like this was during the Cuban Missile Crisis. If we had to launch nuclear weapons we would have been able to. It's not like they have one card to swipe at all the hundreds of facilities. His codes would be for an all out balls to the wall the world's going to end strike. Don't mislead your"	11
"Several of the new crop of Republican candidates are seven cans or more short of a six pack. I don‚Äôt mean just extreme. We‚Äôre talking wacky-doodle-do here. T responsible party would denounce them, or at least not support their candidacy. Only a desperate, reprehensible party would throw their full support behind people like this."	11
"Really? Then prices should go down when wages stagnate and unemployment rises. It should be impossible for the level of poverty to ever go up or down, because prices will always adjust to keep it the same. Obviously this is nonsense. Prices are somewhat elastic, depending on the product, but nowhere *near* 100% elastic. A basic income guarantee would virtua"	11
"I wasn't defending them. Just sick of people seeing that Exxon made ""XX billion in profits"" and immediately freaking out about it. If their profit margin were higher I'd understand it. Just look at the title of this stupid reddit topic. It's a number of things that are wrong with the hive mind captured in 20 words or less."	11
When Israel was created the first Arab-Israeli war happened. Israel won the war. In the multiple subsequent wars Israel gained and lost territory from multiple countries. This is the territory you are talking about. If countries didn't want territory taken from them they shouldn't start wars they can't win.	11
"Really? I said: >The state government in Lansing is to blame for the bankruptcy in Detroit because they built highways in and around Detroit? You responded with: >Only if you ignore the bit I keep repeating: >However, these are symptoms not causes. Seems pretty clear that you called it a symptom. Nice try, but I don't think anyone is going to buy it...."	11
"What are you talking about? Schools can and do use performance as a reason not to renew scholarships every single season without fail. What other reason would they use? What other metric would they use? How do you think the kids got the scholarships in the first place, by being bad at their respective sports?"	11
"so Egypt, Syria, and Lebanon have ""ancient weaponry"". And if your talking about Palestinians specifically, it really doesn't matter how ""ancient"" and non-effective you claim your arms are, if they can hurt civilians and are being used against the state then that nation will likely be in a state of defense leading to an increase in militarism."	11
> He should enter into closed-door negotiations with Chinese leaders to write off the $1.14 trillion of American debt currently held by China in exchange for a deal to end American military assistance and arms sales to Taiwan and terminate the current United States-Taiwan defense arrangement by 2015. Sounds like a great idea. That wouldn't be humiliating at	11
"During the UCLA rally, the Paulbots tried to use photos of 2-3 people climbing trees as ""proof"" that 10,000 people attended the rally, despite the fact that the venue only held 5,800 people and you could see entire sections of empty seats (an in, all the rows from one aisle to the end). Unless the people climbing trees were 400 pounds, it's really not a big de"	11
"In this sense i was proposing my opinion on the matter as ""proper"". If we start getting into a debate as to attenuated vs inactivated its going to get rather messy. I could compile a list of reasons why i think attenuated is risky business, if thats something people are interested in. I warn you tho i will come out as rather paranoid."	11
"Let me put it to you this way: if I was a politician I would never make this analogy. The headlines would say, ""Deusexlacuna (D-SP) thinks that the unborn should be treated like death row inmates!"" I would get interview questions from Bill O'Riley like, ""Senator, why do you hate the unborn? And a follow-up, why do you think that they deserve to die?"""	11
How about we just tax them instead. Since we cut their taxes they have increased their share of the wealth. There were still obscenely wealthy people when they had to pay 75% of their income in taxes just fewer of them and a larger middle class. If the top 20% own 85% of everything they can pay 85% of the taxes seems fair to me. That is equal taxation.	11
"Because it's meaningless. If you know what you are talking about then you shouldn't have to resort to that term. The finance world is very vast, and has many different parts to it. You should be able to precisely point to a specific function of the industry if you are going to blame it. When you use the term bankster, it's a crutch because you don't understand"	11
"Direct donations, yes, but we all know that lately super PACs and their ilk are where the bulk of campaign contributions end up for the ""big boys"", and good luck finding out the original source of some of that money. Of course, all of those PACs don't coordinate or collaborate with the candidate they're spending millions on, *that* would be illegal! ( /s )"	11
"ownership of what? They bring nothing but a warm body to the picture. They're not investing in the store, they don't have degrees that are useful for bringing the company forward, etc... It's not that your typical floor worker is immoral or a ""bad person"" but let's not pretend like they're bringing a lot to the plate."	11
"Fun fact: Venus once harbored life. But Venusian Republicans were elected into power and deregulated power and oil companies. That's why it experienced a runaway greenhouse effect, the oceans all evaporated and now it rains sulfuric acid. Now Earthling Republicans are attempting to do exactly the same thing."	11
"The next job he gets he'll have to pay the tax penalty. > It's still not a fine Yeah, it's a tax, blah blah blah, it's an issue of semantics here. Bottom line is that if you don't get insurance you're gonna be owing money to the government. Next time you get a tax return they're going to be taking the money out of that return until it's paid."	11
"Yes, because it works. All that an insurance company does is pool money to pay for claims. It's really not something that can gain any advantage by being privatized. We are better off pooling our money in one gigantic pot which would cut down on administrative costs and eliminate the needs for profit."	10
"you're funny. The simple fact is Loughner was an anti-government, pro-gold standard gun nut, which is closer to a conservative ideology. In the end, his insanity had much more to do with this than ideology, although the fear mongering by you right wingers may have certainly pushed him off the edge."	10
"I'm going to laugh so hard if Santorum gets the nomination. The GOP is split in thirds right now, and Ron Paul is the only one with any sense or backbone. Either a Santorum or Paul nomination basically represents the death of the GOP, and Romney just hands the election to Obama. Well, at least the primaries are interesting this time around."	10
"Except Richard Nixon is characteristically more liberal in his public policy than most Republicans. He would be a Democrat in the context of modern politics - and in fact, I would argue that he represents that quintessential apologist for the US government. He and Johnson were two sides of the same coin."	10
"Earmarks can be a necessary evil. If you're true to your mission as a Representative or Senator, than you can earmark public works and social programs for your district or state. That's using a broken system for good. Fuck it, right? Federal tax dollars already go to bridges to nowhere. What about real bridges? *That's* the damned problem."	10
"I feel your pain my friend. It seems that americans complain a lot about expensive gas, forgetting they are paying for the most part <2/3 of the rest of the planet. How narcissistic (downvote that all you want american redditors, I realize not all of you do complain like that but some do, and it is undeniably narcissitsic of them)"	10
"Just about as bad as any local news story. ""WHAT THEY DON'T WANT YOU TO KNOW ABOUT FOO"" and some shots of a guy looking suspicious walking into a building. And it always turns out that the people in the story wanted to talk about it but the reporters would rather report that the company ""could not be reached for comment."""	10
>If people could be gainfully employed they would... It should stand to reason that because unemployment drops when the economy does better people's laziness is not to blame. I know plenty of places that are hiring in Eastern Connecticut and Rhode Island. People who can't get jobs usually are the ones who don't want jobs.	10
"That's because you aren't a click away from making someone's post more valid or more invalid (upvotes/downvotes). You actually have to respond to people, which seems so hard to do on reddit when you're constantly afraid of being downvoted by ignorant people to where the rational thinking people can't even read your post because it ends up hidden"	10
"I'm kind of thinking that if the coastal states were to successfully succeed from the rest of the U.S., I'd gladly move back there. As it currently stands, I'm living in a rural college town that is a progressive bastion in an otherwise red state. I'm not a big fan of rolling things back to how they were in the pre- and early 20th centuries."	10
"They do the best because they push a singular worldview which does not mesh with other news outlets very well. They push a ""narrative"", one of their important people often says. Therefore, among their viewers, they create a sort of artificial monopoly, by manipulating their thought processes, by making them think that anything that is not Fox is part of the lib"	10
"Republicans: ""We can't increase tax on the people who invest in the economy and create jobs"" Tax the rich more, ease off on middle income earners. They buy more non-essential goods and services opening new markets for companies to take advantage off and make more money. I call it the trickle-up effect."	10
"To me, sort of a purist, any restriction is infringing. Now the current law saying felons can't own guns doesn't bother me because that is a consequence of an action you knowingly commit. You know that if you commit and are convicted of a felony then you give up your right to own a firearm. Any blanket restriction on the general population, though, is infrin"	10
"Remember when Obama was elected? All the Republicans said ""Just wait - Democrats are going to accuse all critics of Obama of racism."" Looks like you're playing right into that. According to you, there is no valid criticism of the nearly 3000 page behemoth that nobody bothered to read before it passed. No sir, there are only supporters of the law and racists."	10
"Then why didn't OWS try to get people voted out of office? Or, support any candidates that had promise? The American people are juts as responsible. Despite a 10% Congressional approval rating, the vast majority of Reps and Senators got reelected. Given that, what incentive exists for any elected official to listen to the people?"	10
"All you'll find for replies on this progressive site is ignorance. Progressives need to be told what to do and how to feel about everything. All I ever see here is Dem. talking points drones absent of any original thought or critical thinking skills.. Great point you've made, but wasted on these hate mongers. Have a fantastic day &amp; thank you for trying"	10
">HB 462 is more consistent with the true intent of the legislation and addresses those situations in which the termination of a pregnancy is intentional and is not conducted at a physician's direction."" Are abortions different from miscarriages? Sounds like they just did away with a woman's right to choose, and gave that choice to a physician?"	10
"If he would have donated it anonymously, not seeking attention or credit, then I would have greater respect. However, being excessively rich and making donations does not validate a persons life. If a pedophile donated $400,000 to Leukemia &amp; Lymphoma society, that person is still a pedophile. Besides, his main motivation is most likely taxes. Just being"	10
"The personal freedom comes in when you get to choose your provider. What I meant by personal freedom is that, the more government takes from you to give to someone else, the less personal freedom you have. I won't try to argue that the current system works, this is just for argument's sake. I won't even touch the war on drugs."	10
"Colbert's shtick is exactly that: to show how easy it is to distort or slant or outright fabricate information in Wikipedia... or on the Internet in general, which people then just believe without critical consideration. That is *exactly* the point he is making, and at least some of the tightass wikipedia editors don't understand that, or care. tl;dr: Andy Ka"	10
"Here's the statement of the IRS commissioner, are you arguing that what Surfing is saying isn't factually true? ‚ÄúOrganizations of all walks and all persuasions were pulled in. That‚Äôs shown by the fact that only 70 of the 300 organizations were tea party organizations, of the ones that were looked at by TIGTA [Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administrati"	10
"Ha ha... yes, that's why some laws include a definition of personhood -- not because congress' intent wrt the definition of personhood, just because redundancy. Clearly congress' intent when writing that law (in your mind) was to apply it to corporations as opposed to an absurdly activist court blowing religious nutjobs for cash payments and trips."	10
"Why not? Hell, in his statement I quoted he *explicitly* says he would do that when he was in the White House. The president is free to go and do whatever he pleases because in the end he is a citizen like any other with the same rights. If you can go participate then the president can go participate too."	10
"Sighing pauses, eyebrow raises and leaning back and forth when he speaks. Leaving aside their utter distortion of the situation in Uganda, and the self-serving nature of their cause, not to mention their cooperation with vehemently anti-gay evangelical groups.... There's just something program-attic and creepy about the way these guys talk and behave."	10
"> Then, after thinking, I realized they do have it and it's called ""Books"". If there were only a place, where you could maybe rent books. You know, like a Blockbuster, but instead of a movie you could rent a book, maybe even a few books, for maybe a couple weeks. And if the price were reasonable, say maybe for FREE, man.... That sure would be something...."	10
"Why should someone pay 1e9 times as much to enjoy the exact same benefits the government provides? Imagine trying to buy a burger in an establishment subject to the same logic, and the first thing they ask for is your paystub. ""Oh, I see you make more than 100k per year. That burger will be $30."" ""But the last guy only paid a quarter!"" ""Yes, but he dropped"	10
"Yeah my local seems to be pussying out to the contractors interests quite a bit. Believe me I know what you mean when you say fuck the IBEW. BUT...... all their negatives aside, I think they serve its members more good than bad. Its up to us, the members, to keep it that way, and/or make it better. What local were you in? What division ?"	10
"Wow. Juvenile? So you're saying the 60 Minutes piece was just fluff? And I love this part...""Your father was not so important that he would have been worth the monumental amount of effort..."" You're making more assumptions than anyone here. Go troll elsewhere. Oh, by the way...I wan't going to...but I signed it just to piss you off."	10
We have that with trained well meaning overworked Doctors. My long time doctor retired and the new one did the exam without me even taking my shirt off. I will not be going back to her. The medical profession is allowing less trained then doctors Nurse Practitioners to do a lot of the basic procedures a doctor was required to perform.	10
"They are fighting paying for it, because of their religious belief. So their beliefs decide whether you can have birth control pills. it makes it possible for them to refuse other medicines in the future if this ridiculous precedent gets approved. I do not believe in birth control, therefore you can not have it on the policy."	10
The illegals are here because shady employers want them here. If there are no jobs they do not come. Keeping them illegal means the employers do not have to pay them fairly with the constant threat of truing them into La Migra. The same people that bring them here are the ones keeping them illegal. That is why they are fighting reform based on reality.	10
Voter purging should be restricted for emergencies only (proven deceased individuals with cross-searched and confirmed addresses for instance) within a certain period of time prior to any election to prevent obvious and intentional abuse. Three and a half years you could purge the rolls... there a reason we need to do it up until the day the election polls clos	10
"I am just watching the news on CNN, MSNBC, etc. Her statements on saying Latinos and women come to better conclusions than white men. I have a problems with statements like that. Claiming the bench can write laws and policy while ignoring the legislature (or at least not mentioning them in that youtube video). I am Democrat here and I have a problem with t"	10
"Acceptance of existence of a biological evolution doesn't mean you like it. It's just a scientific theory. You can still think it's evil and support an egalitarian society. No contradiction here. However, praise of social darwinism is a moral stance. At the same time, conservatives claim that evolution is evil. That's a contradiction."	10
You're wrong. The crux of the problem is this - is the fetus a person or not? You don't have to be a woman to have an opinion on that. I'm not even trying to make an argument for or against abortion. I just think it's terribly demeaning to say that men can not or should not hold an opinion of this.	10
"> ""no problem"" > ""reasonable public transport"" The issue isn't ""Is there transit somewhere?"" It is ""is the transit reasonable""? I live in a large city/suburban area with public transport that is quite hellish and leaves a large chunk of the county with no transport at all. I've been to many cities in the US and used their public transport but I'd never use"	10
"It does seem strange that the birth control mandate debate is framed as though church employers would ""pay"" for insurers to provide birth control to their employees. Overall health costs will be higher if employees have reduced access to birth control. Surely from an actuarial or health scientific perspective the insurance premiums should be higher if birth con"	10
">And I'd like to know how many of those corporations who ""Don't pay any taxes"" actually posted a profit? Right or wrong, I really hate that argument. If I as an individual make 80 grand a year, I'm taxed on 80 grand a year (after certain non taxable deductions). This is effectively getting taxed on net earnings, not profit. I don't get tax breaks on my exp"	10
"I have the same problem. Even this year accelerated and advanced placement course teachers find Wikipedia ""inaccurate and so easily edited"" to a shameful degree- they nearly laugh at students who try to use Wikipedia as a source. Even most of the standard teachers seem to agree, but care less as they hold lower standards for their classes."	10
"Skin color? WTF? The whole point of society is everyone working together to lift everyone up. If everyone says ""Screw you, I got mine so go jump in a lake"" then it's every man for himself and the point of that society has been lost. Suffering should teach compassion, not resentment, of others who are suffering."	10
"How do you imagine spending cuts would decrease inequality? Sanders isn't calling for a tax to raise revenue, he calling for a tax to reduce inequality by taking from the wealthiest. He, like many, feels that the current degree of inequality is poisonous to democracy, the revenue benefits are secondary."	10
"Whats sad is that this has been common knowledge since long before this last election. I always remember him as a crusader for religion more than anything. When I saw him say all these things to appease his power base, I just couldn't help but think about those first impressions. Same goes with Romney for making his dog ride on the car top. That's all I ne"	10
"Can you really trust Newsweek? The same people who gave an exclusive interview to Ahmed Chalabi leading up to the Iraq war, saying tons of terrorists were in Iraq, with WMD, ready to kill us all? Here's a different take... http://comment.independent.co.uk/commentators/article3127343.ece I call BS on more Newsweek propaganda. They want to make the recent coup"	10
"The CDC numbers say that child deaths **from age 0 to 14 have decreased by 39%** since 1997. This study has it as an upward trend which is not the case. Therefore, I'm betting this study is related to the other recent studies that have shown false data by using 15 to 19 year olds. http://www.cdc.gov/injury/wisqars/fatal_injury_reports.html"	10
"Honestly, eventually the police will push the wrong people and those wannabe soldiers will get to experience just how terrifying getting shot at from random windows and buildings is. This will ignite a huge overreaction which will outrage even more people and the rot that has been festering in the US police forces will come to light and politicians will take"	10
"Even with government assistance charities doing their work, there are millions of starving kids in this country. Seriously, what charity can cover all that? What entity can spend to the extent a government can? There isn't one on earth. If charities and government together can't fix the problem of malnutrition, what makes you think charities alone could do it?"	10
"They've also been the three that have been necessary for all the great works of mankind. The Pyramids (American and Egyptian), the Great Wall, Roman architecture, Greek philosophy, the beautiful art of Islam, the samurai, etc... none of these would have existed without loyalty, authority, and reverence for the world. But I guess a world without those things i"	10
">I always try to make the same argument, and it always gets shouted down by people who have a completely illogical hate for police. That is because reddit is full of suburban kids who have never witnessed or been victim to any kind of crime. Their interaction with the cops is limited to reading articles on /r/politics."	10
"You're arguing--successfully--that businesses should be required to provide birth control coverage with their insurance. However, the dispute was over whether the conservative opposition was inherently bigoted, which this argument doesn't address. So, true, but I don't need convincing on that particular point :/."	10
"Here you go, Obama said this yesterday, which is very much contrasted with what he said only a couple of years ago. ""Now, if the House and the Senate want to give me the authority so that they don't have to take these tough votes, if they want to put the responsibility on me to raise the debt ceiling, I'm happy to take it."" PRESIDENT BARACK OBAMA JANUARY 15TH"	10
"At the very least he wasn't a complete dick. It might seem shallow, but that is the first thing I look for in a candidate. Policy can be hashed out. Personality can't. We've already seen what a ""with us or against"" us type president is like. Turning *everything* into a fucking war. Except this time around issues like religion and class are all the more prevalen"	10
">They do not have to go through any level of testing like drugs do False. >It is not conspiracy to want genetic changes to be proven safe We've been eating genetically engineered food for 30 years. Anytime you take a cross or make a hybrid, that's genetically engineered. See, this is what I'm talking about. So much misinformation and fear that's not based"	10
"this is sad but true. The way to end this is to vote, but how do people engage the youth when they have no sense of history? Why does the Ryan Plan to privatize Social Security take 4 decades? Same answer - don't teach history and generations will ""assume"" that this is the way that it has always been."	10
"That's the GOP as a whole. Jeb could likely win against 75% of any of the potential Democrats whose names have ever been suggested. Hilary is formidable, but the rest of the Democratic bench is fairly weak in terms of ability to fundraise (the ""silent primary""). Everyone loves Warren and Sanders, but neither one would get enough of the backing of the moneyed"	10
"Ok, that was a bit of an ironic strawman. The declaration of the right to food doesn't force anyone to feed somebody, just like the right to life doesn't force people to give birth to other people. It can be used to condemn a society or situation where some people don't have food or are in mortal danger."	10
"Here's the thing. Most urban areas are fine with homosexuals. It's the rural parts of America that seem to be homophobic and a bit backwater in their views. I'm pretty certain that if they made a colorful graph of who supported Rick Santorum and his homophobic views, you'd see that it mostly came from lil hick towns."	10
"The man got one point dead-right: The executive branch is supposed to carry out the law, not make it. If you want the feds to stop raiding dispensaries, you have to change federal law. That's the job of Congress, not the President. The President can use the bully pulpit to sway the issue, but in the end Congress has to do the legislating."	10
"See but thats the thing, I dont even own a rifle. I have one shotgun. I do however think that there are legitimate non hunting reasons to own the sort of rifles that everyone seems so keen on grabbing up. And ive never ever thought of them as toys, thats the attitude that gets people hurt. Respect the firearm is the first rule any responsible owner learns and"	10
I suppose that applies but bigot has a real ethnic and religious connotation to it. And personally I fail to see what is so bad about hating any government. He seems to care about the people of America and the soldiers dying in what he believes to be pointless wars. I don't see anything wrong with that.	10
"True; many people don't believe in it. Exxon Mobile, the gas/ petrol/ oil company, and other fossil fuel companies, have bought research groups and scientists to endorse the idea that global warming isn't certain. They've been doing this since the 80s, and a steady stream of misinformation has successfully injected sincere and widespread doubt about climate ch"	10
"To the extent that he identifies as a conservative, Paul considers himself a paleoconservative. The point being that what he criticizes in conservatives is their leftist deviation from what he takes to be orthodox conservatism. Paleos believe that the Republican Party and conservative movement were hijacked by the leftist, ex-Trotskyite neocons."	10
"The reason why entertainers and athletes are paid outrageous salaries is because the consumer worships them. I we spent more time reading, enjoying outdoor activities (playing sports) or anything else other than sitting on our asses and watching movies and sports, their salaries would have to adjust to the decrease in demand. Its our own fault that they are p"	10
I'm in support of Obama and Biden...but to say that Biden won is really just the us liberals saying this because of the build up of sympathy towards what happened in the first presidential debate. We're worried and we're fighting hard in order to build momentum and denying what we're all feeling in our hearts about this.	10
"I agree that school shootings are a statistical minority, but that doesn't negate the fact that that's what everyone is talking about, and the Second Amendment has taken a back seat to that. I know that the real issue lies elsewhere, but that doesn't mean that the majority of the people talking about it do."	10
"Wasn't a false flag, but it was played for &amp; encouraged. The McCollum memo was government policy, everything recommended was done. How familiar are you with the run-up to Pearl Harbour? I'd harbour a guess (sorry!) that most of what you've been told was a lie. Do you, for example, believe the story about radio silence and it being a surprise attack?"	10
"Companies can get the protections of incorporation, which shield them form personal financial responsibility, while maintaining personal control over employees, including forcing their religious beliefs on them and their benefits? They are a corporation when they want to be and a single ownership when they choose to be. Must be nice to have it both ways."	10
Remember when the 2008 election was 'close?' Obama won 67% of the electoral votes. This election will be 'close' in the same regard. It's all about news media hyping this up and for voter turnout to be high. The Republican's voter ID law to suppress the democratic vote failed. The country will continue to move in the right direction.	10
"I am not sure why we would want to force folks to serve others they don't want to. If I don't want my restaurant to serve felons, shouldn't I be allowed to make that rule as a independent citizen? I understand that its important to make sure we are not institutionalizing discrimination, but feel freedom of choice is far more important than worrying about hurti"	10
The deduction also significantly props up housing value. People often calculate the deduction against their monthly payment. If you yanked this you would see housing value drop. On the other hand! The deduction also harms those who rent which makes renters pay a much higher effective tax rate than home owners. Personally I believe this deduction should be remo	10
"We can be pretty sure Obama was born. We don't know what, if anything, Romney did regarding taxes, and Americans are very sensitive when it comes to taxes. People merrily take very public pledges relating to taxes. The GOP make taxes paid a huge part of their platform. Since it is such a big deal, we demand to see the most current decade of tax returns for ou"	10
"Truly this is the most compelling argument I have heard in my life. You must be a most charismatic individual in person, and I dearly wish I could shake your hand. After all, how could my opinion not be swayed by such a well sourced, and well thought out argument? Indeed, I am sad that all I have to give you is one upvote."	10
"I agree with most of your points except Osama Bin Laden. You orchestrate the death of American citizens on our own soil? I don't care if we've got to go into Germany's backyard with a Global Hawk. Sometimes, its just principle: You have to show people you absolutely *don't* fuck around. Otherwise, they'll always think you'll roll over like a bitch."	10
"It's the voters' fault (including mine) for voting for these assholes, even though we know they've been long since bought and paid for. If enough people were to simply ignore the first two lines on the ballot and vote for a candidate -- any candidate -- further down, the effect of money on politics would be instantly neutralized."	10
"Solvent meaning until then payroll taxes at the current receipts and its trust fund cover its costs. At 2036 the trust fund is exhausted and we either have to borrow from the income tax receipts or raise payroll taxes, or cut benefits. Say it with me now, ""Pay as you go does not equate to a Ponzi scheme."""	10
"This is great news, but I don't necessarily want to see huge national unions picking up the pieces. Allowing for smaller more localized unions would be great. Those unions could join collectively on some issues for better bartering power, but the point remains that a union should be a choice, not an obligation of employment."	10
"Hello, I'm unsure of the problem here, The title of the Reddit WAS the title of the article. Upon reviewing it today, I see NYT has Changed the title, When posting to /r/Politics there is several mention of not changing the title and I ensured of that when it was posted. How could i rectify this situation, now seeing that NYT changed it headline."	10
The mathematical logic lessons provided by Texas school book printers accounts for this: if President != Republican then Positive_statistic = (Positive_statistic-Positive_statistic)-1. if President is != Caucasian then Positive_statistic = ((Positive_statistic-Positive_statistic)-1)+(Socialist+Muslin)	10
">Comedy central does not attempt to pass the satire off as fact. I think that gets too much credit around here. I think everyone thinks, including TDS and Jon Stewart, that in their satire is truth and that they are a more reputable news show than someone like Bill Oreilly or Glenn Beck. I think they take what they do pretty seriously, for comedy."	10
he clearly is willing to give an extra $400 to pay for others insurance and he has a great opportunity to do so right now. I would even say that him giving that $400 directly to someone who needs it is far more efficient than sending it to Washington donut can eventually get to the person who needs it.	10
"I almost don't listen to NPR. I listen to *Fresh Air, CarTalk, Wait Wait,* and *What Do You Know*? I like getting some of my information from **Free Speech TV** and **LinkTV**, both of which carry *""Democracy Now!""* I'm glad to see you getting upmodded here... I complained about the same thing the other day in another thread and got downmodded to hell."	10
"Last year, my marginal rate on income I earned through working was 45% (35% federal, 10% state), while the rate on income I ""earned"" through purchasing stock and then sittin' around was 25% (15% federal, 10% state). America is supposed to value hard work over just owning something valuable. The tax code should reflect that."	10
"Family of 5 earns less than minimum wage? A family of five with ""a"" little one? edit: further, your comment history talks about buying a kindle and a new gpu. I know when I was making $12,000/yr, I had three (and only three) things in the budget: gas, rent, and groceries. And I was single at the time."	10
"Yeah, food stamps are fantastic. I live in a really poor area where a ton of people are on food stamps. Instead of starving to death, they live and work, helping the local economy and businesses to function and paying taxes. And all of that ""free"" food stamp money is going straight into local grocery stores. It's great!"	10
"This is just one of many articles over the last few years about congress wanting to buy shit the military doesn't actually need. It is all for the sake of military contractor profits, this hasn't created new jobs, but it has avoided some small job losses, but nothing to justify the enormous cost to tax payers, especially during times of such economic hardship."	10
"Who has a chance to shrug off the old guard of Washington. It was like Obama went into the White House after being elected and the corporations were there smiling saying, ""You think you run the show but you don't. You will do everything for us or we will ruin you."" My point is, who would stand up to them? The answer is nobody."	10
"To get there before the person disappeared from sight. The person could have been up to trouble, or completely innocent. What if this was a white person in a hoodie who had the intention of breaking into a home? Then it would have been too late and someone's property would have been stolen or damaged. I also find it funny no one has even answered the hypoth"	10
"Yes, watch the video. It happened. The woman ended up having a cyst the size of an orange on her ovary, she had to to have her ovary surgically removed and is now showing symptoms of early onset menopause. Oh and she may never be able to conceive. She is only 32 years old. ... oh .. and it all happened in the middle of finals at law school.."	10
"Ron Paul fans tend to come from wide variety of backgrounds, and many of them are smarter than the average elephant. I count myself among them. The only thing you don't want to hear Ron Paul evangelists carry on about, though, is Ron Paul. The rhetoric ramps up, your eyes glaze over, and the fan-boyishness of the speaker takes over. Downvotes ensue. Quite a s"	10
"none of those options will hurt small businesses in the long run. in fact, putting a wave of additional disposable funds at the bottom will cause an uprising that will lift the profits of small and big businesses alike. big businesses can afford to do this a million times over without ever feeling the effects. the fact that they're crying over it shows how r"	10
"Having a huge hammer does not help with many of the problems we have. Nukes make a large conventional army obsolete to some extent, useless against nuclear states. Insurgency warfare makes it a blunt tool, of limited use even against non-nuclear opponents (provided they have sufficient popular support and external backing)."	10
"Thank you for your submission. However, it has been removed for the following reason(s): * Off-Topic: All submissions to /r/politics need to be explicitly about current US politics. Please review our on-topic statement for more information. If you feel this removal was in error please send a message to the moderators."	10
"""it's cool to be stupid."" This absolutely cannot be stressed enough. Anti-intellectualism starts in grade school as part of a natural human tendency to classify peers into groups, i.e. the cool kids, the nerds, etc. It's when it's carried into adulthood that it becomes this perverse uncertainty about actually knowing things."	10
"perhaps if you americans didn't vote for the same republican or democrats, things might change. please try something new (that isn't red or blue) next time. perhaps a young woman rather than an older man? someone who doesn't know a lot about politics and is a little naive/optimistic. although in 3 years when the next election comes around you all have forgott"	10
"I said: > Conservatives are the ones supporting gay marriage bans, the continued prohibition of soft drugs, anti-sodomy laws, anti-abortion laws You said: > EXTREME conservatives who are not the majority support that crap Yeah. Uh-huh. Your bad. Try saying what you mean once in a while, eh buddy?"	10
"The fact that your average 15-20 week embryo looks like a ball of snot, and in no way resembles a fully-formed human. So, in order to get maximum shock value, they instead use late-term stillborn fetuses that more closely resemble a fully-formed human, which they then pass off as an 'abortion'. It's all a plea to emotion, with no basis in fact."	10
"Actually, it doesn't work exactly like that. Politicians will always go for the biggest bang for their buck. If you switch to a popular vote, politicians will campaign where the they can get the biggest bang for their buck. Where is that? Large cities. It won't change things quite as much as you'd think either. A couple battle grounds will open up and a few wi"	10
"Obama can use the veto pen as much as he likes. That doesn't change the fact that if two-thirds of Congress approves a bill, it will go through and become law. Now, in some instances he may be able to delay that process by a couple of months....but that's about it. Reid isn't running the Senate anymore. The cathouse is closed."	10
">I don‚Äôt doubt for a minute that if they were of northern-European extraction, but with the same other education/economic deficiencies, they wouldn‚Äôt be making all the noise. Wrong. Irish, Italian, German . . . they were all discriminated against. It's the reason why there are so many Irish police and fire ""dynasties"" - it was the best job they could get i"	10
"The difference is that you're not trying to make it seem like you're the only one who likes chocolate ice cream, or that you like it more than everyone else. The fact that you're making such a big deal about how this is what *America* stands for kind of implies that America holds these values more dearly than any other country, which, if you actually look at"	10
Celine Dion is one of the most incredible artists that Canada has produced ever. I don't know why people put her down so much. She's unbelievably talented and has the most amazing voice. Bieber too deserves respect. He was a small town kid who made it big by himself. We should support Canadian talent instead of trying to ridicule it.	10
"When people say that the protesters were ""unarmed"" they don't mean that there's nothing on a boat that can be used as a weapon. But it's a boat. Pieces of pipe are not uncommon. Most sailors will carry a pocket knife. And the boarding of the boat was the first attack, not any acts of self-defence on the part of the crew."	10
"Even with living subsidies, a flat tax is a horrible idea. Wealth accumulation is itself progressive, that's why it's always easier to make your second million than it is to make your first million. A flat tax ignores this very clear economic reality, and if instituted will just accelerate the concentration of wealth in fewer and fewer individuals."	10
"Hopefully we'll see the original, ""I'm mad as hell"" tea party protesters join in on this movement, rather than the conservative pro-Bachmann/corporate tea party. After all, are these not the same issues we saw a few years ago? ""Where's my bail-out?"" was a very popular slogan during the tea party protests. In these times, we need to stand in unity if we truly wa"	10
"News and religion. ""The *others* use technique A and technique B and technique C to mislead people. It can be done, it is real and it does work. The *others* even have the audacity to claim they're the ones who don't do it. We're the ones who don't do it. If we are accused of it, it is not done, it is not real and it does not work."""	10
"If you're making the argument that Fox is bias, then it's certainly because of Murdoch. And if that's the case he most definitely does have international propaganda channels. It's a little corporation called News Corp. We haven't seen the Tea Party movement find as much support globally simply because the U.S. is far more conservative than much of the world."	10
"Supporting evidence in Watson's case refers to 'most written down' in reality. It isn't proving things logically or only at the most basic logical level. If wikipedia had recently been vandalized and said Obama was actually a wombat with rabies, Watson likely would not be able to figure out anything wrong with that."	10
"I'm a registered republican. Romney gave zero specifics on anything and used the same old tired lies. He didn't give any answers, only attacks. It wasn't even close. That and he was called out for being a liar and the moderator even had to correct him. He did terrible and came off as a pompous arrogant ass."	10
"You're right that an optimist would say that. This is precisely why I think all optimists are pretty silly, because of course it's not going to work out that way. We aren't going to throw out Obama and elect a Soft Socialist, we are going to throw him out and install Joe the Plumber's lesser second cousin, and we will gleefully do it."	10
OP seems to be a bit confused. It takes money to run the NRA yes i understand they have a membership fee to make money as well but by weapons manufacturers giving money to them they also help to protect our 2nd amendment rights which the American people have forgotten about which is something called the constitution.	10
"I think the founding fathers never envisioned a legislature so corrupt and so shameless that they would brazenly draw lines that can serve no other purpose than to allow the minority party to maintain power. How about a constitutional amendment mandating that districts be drawn according to a standardized, neutral, and verifiable process."	10
"I checked down the list of WA representatives and every single one voted YES except Jay Inslee - and I couldn't find his name anywhere (Yes/No/No vote). Im ashamed of myself for not contacting my representative. In fact, I'm going to write a *nice* letter to that person right now. Not going to be silent any more. Edit: McDermott voted No. Sorry for the error"	10
"My wife and I do very well and do nothing but pay into the society. We're paying for one kid in college and another will soon be going. We have health insurance, two vehicles, a nice house, plenty of toys and we don't want for much. Sadly, I'll have to inform the wife that someone on the internet thinks we're cancerous. She won't be happy."	10
Sure he was extreme but it has nothing to do with being a libertarian. Do you think the FDA should raid people who sell raw milk or eggs. Should they arrest cherry farmers who claim vitamin c is good for us? Do bread manufactures claiming fiber can prevent colon cancer need to be arrested? Guess what they do all these things and more.	10
"I don't see anybody blaming Republicans for Obama's misdoings. I see people calling Republicans out on their bullshit, albeit sometimes that's also someone often bullshitting on behalf of Obama, yet not as often as far more progressive, sometimes even anarchists, who fairly call them both out on their bullshit."	10
"I heard Bush promotes breathing oxygen. Now I'm not saying everything Bush did was evil...but you might wanna look into that whole oxygen thing. Not only that, but Obama continues to support the Bush administration's pro-oxygen positions! It's almost like Obama is admitting that Bush was right all along."	10
"you know that there were multiple proven cases of people literally being paid to post to reddit and similar social media to spin for the Kochs, right? I think that in 99.9% of cases allegations of spin are paranoid bullshit, but in this case we have actual proof that they have a social media spin department."	9
">I believe in the right of nationalism for all peoples. The nation of Israel absolutely has a right to exist. Now I think we need to parse the definition of **nation** to refer to the people, not the land. The nation of Israel could exist peacefully almost anywhere else on the planet. So why the middle East, where their only possible future is endless confli"	9
"Because being President would be a one- or two-term shot at leaving a political mark (while being subjected to continuous obstructionism on the part of the GOP). In contrast, being a Senator for twenty or thirty years while racking up seniority and chairmanship positions is a far greater historical force that can be used to advance a progressive agenda."	9
"Food scientist here, yup people have been finding gmos in organic foods. Couple this with the fact that ~20% of ""organic"" is from china, and well yeah china lol. I won't even get into the organic vs non organic debate, its almost like a religious debate. I can pretty clearly see that organic isn't worth it, but as soon as I open my mouth people get pissed be"	9
"Well, no. ""Although Congress never voted on a formal declaration of war, they did authorize the President to instruct the commanders of armed American vessels to seize all vessels and goods of the Pasha of Tripoli ""and also to cause to be done all such other acts of precaution or hostility as the state of war will justify."" http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/First_Ba"	9
> Where is the hardship in simply showing up at the DMV to verify that you are still alive and living in the district? Once a year is all I ask. The hardship is that some folks can't get there. The same hardship applies when people talk about requiring photo ID to vote. Not everyone drives or can find a ride to get to the DMV.	9
"It's just like holding doctors to a higher standard about confidentiality compared to say, a mechanic. If you trust someone as a powerful figure in society, they should DEFINITELY be afraid that they will fall harder than others. If they're protected, they get power and nothing to check it. It's getting to be that way (at least in the US) right now."	9
"I had an appendectemy. One night in the hospital, I left the next morning -- $14,500.00. I bet they wouldn't have charged an insurance company that much, and yet, there are laws saying they must charge everyone the same about. I even had to pay an 8.9% tax to go to help people without insurance... uh, like myself. (I was only without insurance for a couple"	9
"Strangely enough, even though I'm probably technically a liberal, I'm also in favor of permissive gun ownership laws. This is one of the few situations where I truly believe that it only keeps the lawful people honest. I really have to wonder how quickly Virginia Tech and Columbine would have ended if a few of the teachers were packing. Just sayin'."	9
"in your state, your vote counts as 1/youstatespopulation. In the federal level it counts as 1/300million. Look at wisconsin. We have been recalling people left and right. People are being held accountable for their votes, on both sides. For the federal government to pass a bad law you need to influence 535 people. To get each state to pass teh same bad law is a"	9
"The last election before the end of the Third Reich took place in 1938. Voting age was 20, women were excluded. People today who voted for Hitler are men aged 94 and older ‚Äî around 40.000 people in all, at least some of whom probably wouldn't have voted for Hitler had the election been free. The remaining 81 817 000 Germans have never voted for Hitler."	9
"http://www.cbsnews.com/news/how-taxpayers-subsidized-walmart-execs-pay/ Just an example. We give walmart some 6billion dollars, they pay employees minimum wage and few hours forcing those employees onto foodstamps and other assistance programs so that they have to shop at walmart. Look into corporate welfare if you are interested."	9
"> At least not for slave wages, which is what it takes to have 99cent tomatoes year round across the country. That is a myth. Labor costs are a very low part of retail prices. >We have a very broad set of problems and getting started on them is the way to go. OK, let's address them with more enforcement."	9
"Eric Cantor canceled the vote, wasn't he the one that dragged out the debt ceiling negotiations meanwhile he had invested in a fund that would have gone up had the debt ceiling not been raised and the US defaulted. He definitely sounds like an honorable politician that would never engage in insider trading."	9
"Being right or accurate isn't the same as being fair. The trick is what they don't tell you. The other trick is the tone and information delivery. They can change the narrative without saying anything at all. They can talk about guns with blood spatter in the background, or show a grandma talking self defense."	9
"No, sorry, my point was that they'd set the bar so high that only, say, the CEO could meet the minimum for reimbursement as an individual. Group donations would not be considered for reimbursement. That is, this would just be a complicated and silly formalistic dance to get around the constraints on corporations, who would just end up donating through their CEO"	9
"The investment in automation is coming as fast as it can be invented, purchased, and deployed. It makes no difference whatsoever what the minimum wage is, because it will ALWAYS be greater than the cost of having a machine do it 24/7/365. The jobs are disappearing very soon and very rapidly. But that's why we need /r/BasicIncome."	9
"yes, those are the extremist minorities I mentioned. And if the system allows a small group like that to define the system for all, then the system is broken and needs to be fixed. I believe change is inevitable, and that change is good when it is managed and not chaotic. You seem to be arguing that as a nation we have passed that point. I am more optimisti"	9
"This PAC help us put the ads on that are running from Dec. 10-29th here in Central Florida. Good people, they even sent us an edited version that says ""Register Republican by Dec. 29th to vote for Ron Paul."" at the bottom. We funded it with a chipin on the Ron Paul Graphs page, and local donors. They were great to us, and seem to be helping the Iowans too."	9
"DEVILS ADVOCATE POST Allowing employers to decide to offer or not offer paid vacation and employees to make their own decisions on whether to accept it or not allows American companies to operate in a much more efficient manner. A business isn't a charity - if they offer paid vacation, its part of your compensation package and something you agree to when you"	9
"May I ask why or how you came to that conclusion of Ron Paul being a Racist? Would that be his only flaw in your current perspective? edit: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xp_sSqU0G-k He is for individual liberty, he wants the racist drug laws to be abolished, his newest superpac ad shows his compassion for his non racist nature. You are fed by the the Main"	9
"You'd be surprised. People seem to literally think they need to have sex. They don't see the benefit of waiting. I'm not saying it's bad to experiment (that's between them and whoever), but it's being encouraged. That's the part I don't like. Every sex ed class is different, so not every single one is going to stress that."	9
"Well...Soviet information agrees that Julius Rosenberg did work for the Russians and I believe Meerpol has accepted that. Of course you might think that people who give away, or try to give away, classified weapons secrets to an enemy that is trying to subvert your nation and kill your allies shouldn't be *killed* but it's a harder argument to make..."	9
"Thank you for your submission. However, it has been removed for the following reason(s): * Off-Topic: All submissions to /r/politics need to be explicitly about current US politics. Please review our on-topic statement for more information. * This article doesn't explicitly discuss US politics. If you feel this removal was in error please send a message to"	9
"No way. The comic ending at least tied into Ozymandias being a genius when it came to genetic engineering. In a way, you could at least see it coming. Pitting the world against Manhattan was just silly. Yeah, a big alien squid thingy is silly as well, but within the context of Ozy's character it made some sense."	9
"Hi `BONGLORD420`. Thank you for participating in /r/Politics. However, your comment has been removed for the following reason(s): * Your comment does not meet our comment civility rules. Please avoid personal attacks. This is a warning. If you have any questions about this removal, please feel free to message the moderators.)"	9
"Do you mean would people still commit actions that cause more pain than pleasure? (That's my simple working definition for an evil act). I think so, because people can be greedy - having enough of something, doesn't mean we don't want more, especially if having more is perceived as being advantageous. If you have 'enough' freedom, but you can somehow get more"	9
"Actually, it's about time Israel was removed from the ""holy cow"" status it has retained since WW2. Don't get me wrong, I completely understand the magnitude of things jews had to suffer, but why should a nation that has openly abused the WW2 argument for 60 years, including for the creation of itself, should be given a ""no-questions-asked"" policy now? In my boo"	9
"If this is true, the government is the one that helped this to occur. In a free market, competitive firms will survive while those smaller banks would probably have failed anyway, the main difference is that the government helped keep afloat companies that should have failed by their own bad choices. And, TARP loan or not, GS would've survived, and made record"	9
I can point out that our progress has mimicked Japan's progress insofar as we've implemented similar policies. The countries are different but the economics are the same. The data is there; whether or not you're willing to pay attention makes the difference. We ignored repeated lessons from history. Now we're repeating the events.	9
"You really don't have to be well off to be a congressional intern. I go to school in DC and there are plenty of kids that do 2 days a week during the school year and have night jobs as well. With Georgetown, GW, American, Catholic, Howard, and University of Maryland, there are plenty of college choices for students who want to intern without having to pay extra"	9
">Two of the five most profitable industries in the United States ‚Äî the pharmaceuticals industry and the medical device industry ‚Äî sell health care. With margins of almost 20 percent, they beat out even the financial sector for sheer profitability. Somebody explain that one to me, because I sure as hell can't figure it out."	9
"I hate to be cynical, but this strikes me as a means to an end; I think the Conference just wants any means to gain more localized control and resents any federal interference. The marijuana issue is incidental - cities and counties here in California have opted to ban marijuana. Don't think that these political sharks care about us Ents."	9
"Now that Barney Frank is retiring, we need another Democrat in Congress who will take his place and speak the truth with no holds barred. We used to have an excellent spokesman in the person of Alan Grayson (D-FL). In 2010, he was the most targeted Democrat and criminal corporations, like Koch Industries, spent millions unseating him. We need him back. He w"	9
"Uhhhh yeah go ahead and learn Fourier transformations, CPU design, FPGA, real time operating systems, good modular design and any higher level math class on your own and see how valuable instructors are. I'm not saying it can't be done, some people are geniuses, but for normal human beings its actually beneficial to be surrounded by intelligence."	9
"Poland's foreign affairs minister, Radek Sikorski, is a member of New Atlantic Initiative (subordinate to AEI), whose chief is H.Kissinger. Moreover Sikorski is a veteran senior fellow of the neo-con citadel, the American Enterprise Institute (AEI). In the 1990's he was Rupert Murdoch's financial advisor (for investments in Poland)"	9
"Agreed. If it came down to it, I think if and when the military was ordered to put down a popular uprising that was seeking to overthrow the tyrannical US government, most soldiers would refuse, and join the popular uprising instead. Giving even further weight to the argument that the Second Amendment is no longer needed and creates a pointless waste of life."	9
"Probably plenty of people who bothered to look up who founded eBay. He's done public interviews before as well. Also, how does this not look good for her? He admits that she's a great businessperson and the only thing he disagrees with are her stances are on immigration and gay marriage. There's a lot of people who would probably agree with her views."	9
"That's all well and good but they sampled more democrats than republicans by, I believe, an 8 point margin. To add to that, they polled adults. What they need to start doing now that the election is getting closer is start polling likely voters. I think this race is a whole lot closer than most people think."	9
"> And the instruments that money would have bought in 2005 were not? Nope. Ponzi scheme = convince others to pay in, and you get a share of everything that comes after you. Securities et al = give money to someone else, who uses it to start up / expand a business, do something productive and earn money. He then pays you back ++."	9
"> I dont know a single doctor who wouldnt consider reproductive health Voluntary procedures to prevent the body from doing what it normally does is not ""basic"". It is, and should be, optional. I do not think it should be illegal. I have no problem with BC at all. But calling it a basic need is a stretch."	9
"It's a political thread. Some people hate these republicans so much, that it blinds them to anything else. Hefner went against these repubs (who are bad people, don't get me wrong) now I'm going against Hef, so I must be FOR the Repubs. Either that or it's peoples' love of Hefner's 50 year commitment to showing us the most gorgeous titties on earth,"	9
The Landmarks commission voted 9-0. The community board voted 29-1. The opposition to this building is 100% pure astroturf. Anyone who has ever been near WTC knows that it is one of the most densely developed areas in the whole damn world. No one will even notice this building if they walk past it every day on their way to work.	9
"Irregardless of when it was used, it has not been repealed. I mentioned that some parts were unconstitutional and linked to the case so I am aware of this. However that same case that threw out the convictions said that it would be constitutional if it were used to actually agitate an action as opposed to just instilling a belief."	9
"Amendment X The powers not delegated to the United States by the Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the States, are reserved to the States respectively, or to the people ___ Marriage is not a privilege or immunity to citizens of the US. Now I'm not in favor state bans on marriage, but it's not nearly as simple as you make it out to be."	9
">Yeah this is exactly the problem, you can't take advantage of something then turn around and say that no one else should be able to because you already got yours. Exactly. This is why people who drove gas-guzzling polluting vehicles their entire life can't support increasing restrictions on gas mileage or pollution."	9
"Regardless of whether or not what you say is true, at least we both agree that unfair enforcement is the problem, not the law itself. > they are incarcerated at higher rates because the enforcement of those laws is inherently racist Thanks for playing. And thanks in advance for down-voting this comment."	9
"This is not a revolutionary idea, but reading about this (and following 538 of course), it occurs to me that the cable news stations have no real incentive to tell people this. They want people to watch as much as possible, and so they'd rather make it seem like it's close - so that people have to check in everyday to see what the polls look like."	9
"I'm pretty sure the newspapers that they were delivering folded up in the back is what saved their lives. Mythbusters made a ""bulletproof"" car out of phonebooks (pistols and small rifles, the big stuff penetrated of course). Since the rounds were hitting metal first (for the most part) and then the paper, I'm thinking that's the only reason these women are al"	9
"$12.9 billion for future disaster mitigation activities and studies, without identifying a single way to pay for it. That to me sounds money well spent, if we can spend 12million now to prevent having to spend billion in the future, It is always worth learning from the disasters to see how we can be better prepared next time."	9
"Moving from an initial position is not necessarily a compromise. Let's say that I want a billion dollars for my state to fund a highway to nowhere named after myself. You don't want to fund it at all. I then say I'll settle for $500 million. You say that you still don't want to spend anything. So you look like an uncompromising dictator and I look even-handed,"	9
"While I abhor Rush and all he stands for, making personal attacks like calling him a pig, and mentioning his weight don't help the argument . Judge him for what he says not by what he looks like. As someone that was once 400 lbs, I would find being called a pig worse for me worse then being called a slut (probably because I'm a guy) ."	9
"I say it's the opposite. Since education has been erroding, the work force is getting dumber. Before High schools would actually teach skills needed to enter the workforce, but now schools are more like a daycare where only the kids with drive learn anything. Universities were meant for higher education, but now people need them to learn even basic life skills"	9
"Ill repeat, if you think a liberal or libertarian can get elected as a third party candidate, you are dreaming. Governing requires forming a coalition in every democracy, and in the US that means joining the Ds or Rs. Third parties not only have low support for their platforms, but have no governing infrastructure."	9
"There's a big difference between misrepresenting words (i.e. ""i like to fire people"" and ""if you own a business, you didn't build that"") and taking a situation and completing contorting it and openly lying about it in order to gain political points. Politicians at least used to be a little sneaky about their motives, now you can just go around and openly lie,"	9
This is just congress in action. CHeck out how many democrat votes Obama's budget has received in the [senate] (http://p.washingtontimes.com/blog/inside-politics/2012/may/16/obama-budget-defeated-99-0-senate/) I doubt that this means that the democrats are hypocrits for now supporting obama in the election after killing his buget overwhelmingly 99-0.	9
"Sounds about right. In the decade of the highest economic growth the highest tax rate was 92%. THe wealthiest kept their investments in companies and took a long view, instead of a quarterly view. You have a problem with a skilled worker making money? Maybe we should all be Wal-Mart workers, except those that manage to work in management."	9
"But there simply aren't enough intelligent people to vote for the green party to win, you know this! My plan is vote dem till the reps die off, build a new party off that. For the presidential election I will definitely be looking to the independent party. I think this is when we need to be really getting that shit together."	9
"The contract company might have been getting paid, but the actual workers were probably not. I work in an IT group with multiple contracting companies represented. Every one of us was sitting home using PTO or AWLO during the shutdown, and no one I've talked to was given back pay or had their time returned."	9
"Interesting you should use that comparison. War between the Kluckers and Panthers did not win civil rights for black Americans and bring us to this point that we have elected Barack H. Obama based not on the color of his skin but the content of his character. It took great courage and sacrifice and the will to tolerantly and even lovingly overcome hate, prejudi"	9
"Ah, Ventura, you ol' nutter you. I miss him. Where he is now? What? At the 9-11 truther's gathering? Look, he's got good points every once and a while; this is one of them. But honestly, his general credibility is out the window. Sometimes I'm ashamed to say my state elected him. On a side note: That's a nice mullet he's got there, eh?"	9
"What makes you think it would cause huge riots? The vast majority of our population supports our law enforcement having 21st century surveillance capabilities, so long as they have proper legal oversight. The only scandal that he has revealed is that there may have not been enough oversight over the program."	9
"You are right. I live in a blue state in the midwest. So I guess my view is skewed, but as a single mother who wasn't/isn't a supporter of Obama, I got a lot of heat from some friends on how I 'as a single mother', would even think about not voting for him.... As far as this election goes, I am so not happy with either side."	9
"The dollar has lost 95% of it's value since we left the gold standard. Purchase a 10 year treasury bond and you'll lose 2% of the money you put in to it (after inflation). I don't think it's even possible to go back to a gold standard, so I won't spend time on it. Although.....You said gold is a terrible commodity to base things on, what is the current monet"	9
"It's more that republicans have made a big deal about illegal voting practices by democrats, yet this guy is a republican supporter. More importantly, the type of voter ID laws pushed for by republicans, and which have the side effect of disenfranchising legitimate voters, don't actually regulate absentee ballots, which were the source of 3 of this guy's 4 il"	9
"That's not original to Paul... that was the stance of the Eisenhower administration. Kennedy abandoned it during the Bay of Pigs crisis when it became obvious that there was not a bright-line in some cases to determine whether we are being attacked or not. Therefore, we now use a smarter ""flexible response"" policy that does not commit us to using everything w"	9
"I can tell you from being in the Air Force, that the cut backs in money are really starting to hurt. When I can't even get all the things I'm supposed to be issued to do my job because my squadron doesn't have the money is really irritating. Not to mention the easier and easier it is to get kicked out over something."	9
"http://www.nytimes.com/2004/08/04/business/04halliburton.html This ruling was announced in the lead up to the 2004 election and was not mentioned once in the nationally televised Cheney Edwards vice presidential debate. I couldn't believe it when I watched the debate at the time. Surely Edwards and the moderator could have brought it up, as it was timely an"	9
"Ofcourse. This is different, we're more talkative in Norway by far. We've got several ""ethics"" committees, such as the ""board of computer and digital surveilance"" which reacts everytime someone as much as puts up a surveilance camera. So there's that. We've also got ethical standards to business etc which national companies have to follow through with."	9
"There's lots of 'legal' things you can do in your free companies can fire you for because it's in your contract, why is pot an exception? Nothing illegal about a company mascot doing porn shoots in their free time, or a coke flavor scientist saying Pepsi is a far superior drink on reddit, but it can still get you fired."	9
"Advertising is is in quite a few cases a negative influence on ones ability to make an informed decision. Heck, it's been shown that advertisements can alter your experience of basic qualia before they reach your conscious mind. I can choose my doctors, but I also realize I'm not qualified for the cast majority of cases to actually make good decisions about m"	9
"Uhhmmmm, uhhmm *cough* *cough* marijuana.... I know it's no physically addictive the way alcohol and opiates are and you can get away with heavier usage and still quit easily but you can also easily develop a psychological addiction where you feel like you just don't want to not be high or you don't feel right if your haven't gotten high in the last few hours"	9
"> Also, having the county prosecutor ignore a plea from her house representative is bizarre. Not really - the representative isn't even in the same branch of government and is in no way the prosecutor's superior. They have no authority here and the fact that the representative is trying to impose some could easily be taken as insulting by the prosecutor."	9
"Actually, libertarianism is much the opposite of that. It is only concerned about government as an impedance to liberty. Citizen's United was a pro-liberty ruling, therefore favored by anyone who is in favor of no restrictions on the press, speech, or freedom of association (i.e. incorporation). Signed, -A libertarian"	9
"Hey, sure, if you want. Just remember third party candidates have a harder time than major party candidates because the DNC and RNC have historically co-opted ideas from more narrowly focused third parties (green party, tea party). It's not impossible, definitely improbable (now), but the moral of the story is you're not getting anywhere without a little effor"	9
"Well, normal CEOs earn that much because they are directing their little worker ants in the proper direction to steer that enterprise into profitability, something that a 10,000 company would NOT be able to do on its own. But obviously this guy ran the ship aground somewhere near Price William Sound, Alaska, so we can't make that claim."	9
"A friend of mine who is working on the election had mentioned something offhand about the Democratic Party cultivating one of our Texas Latino politicians for a possible 2016 VP run, and he said that if this politician gets on the ticket, then Texas will go blue. I thought he was crazy, but if Jeb Bush is saying it too... Well, then maybe they're both crazy."	9
"> ""this is necessary for a functioning society"" ""why is a functioning society desirable?"" which is a matter of opinion, but clearly one that people can agree on. Just consider it an axiom. Good, I think we are 100% in agreement then. (Note that your argument is totally different from OPs, which I don't think is very strong)."	9
"I'll say it... Pretty stand up for Hannity to apologize even though he said it was a ""mistake"". Still, I completely figured he would overlook it. Since this story was ALL OVER REDDIT yesterday, I have a feeling some part of how it so widely got out there was because of Reddit in respects to the internet."	9
why exactly? its not a good sign but its not a crisis until someone makes it a crisis. interest rates are still low so the market doesn't think its a crisis. the only reason rates have gone up at all has been because of political uncertainly as the debt ceiling is being used for a high stakes bluffing game.	9
"> Or was he attacking a random strawman? Read the transcript and you'll know what the speech was about: When the GOP cuts, they want to cut from transportation, education and research because they're not seen as pro-business ideas. Obama was explaining why they in fact ARE pro-business ideas (try running business with crumbling roads and no police), and why c"	9
"Yes, they were. We are talking about orders of magnitude difference, though. Raising taxes on *everyone* might be ill-advised in a recession, but ultimately would not create a huge wave of economic instability worldwide. Failing to raise our debt ceiling would crash our credit rating and send the entire world economy into a giant shitstorm."	9
"Not really. I simply don't focus purely on the bad churches, and widen my gaze to see the ones that actually do good, and then consider each church on its merits. Here's one example: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_Church_of_Christ#Activities I do find it humorous that you espouse hate for them because they espouse hate, though."	9
"A staff can be used to guide, a knife is a terrible tool for that purpose. The police are supposed to maintain the peace - protect and guide the citizens - they are not supposed to terrorize and kill the citizens of the country. Bayonets are a tool for killing and little else - far less efficient for policing than a police baton which they already have plenty"	9
Well pilots are paid shitty on top of it. This thread has told of many ways to beat that system unless you are letting people literally watch you pull your dick out. They should test if you are inebriated like a swab test which would be more fair. It's not about fair tho. Most of it is more hoops for you to jump through. http://www.homehealthtesting.com/drug	9
"The ACA is a Heritage Foundation idea implemented first by Republican candidate Romney on a state level. What's broken is it just wasn't liberal enough. It would be better done state by state , but medicare for all would of worked ( with private health care insurance for you rich folks ). The entire employee healthcare system is broken, your boss has no obli"	9
"I think there should be a new rule to become a cop. I think you should have to of been popular in highschool to become a cop. People who never get picked on do not abuse power. It is always the guys that got shit on their whole lifes and they want payback!! BTW, I agree zero tolerance is a dumb ass idea. Please be perfect (no such thing) or you lose your job."	9
It's not so much corrupted as he didn't see much of a case to begin with but knew he'd be run out of town if he failed to even attempt prosecution. So it can be construed by the population that he only really went to the grand jury to have them make the decision he knew he would be ran out of town for.	9
"Police are not forbidden from entering churches. However, churches are private property and do not have to be granted entrance. A church is supposed to be a sanctuary and I would think that those in charge would not want police coming in who obviously are there for no purpose other than to rile up a situation."	9
"Not trying to sound rude, but did any of you guys actually call in to express your opinion and find out how your senators are voting? I just got off the phone with both of their offices. I was told that BOTH senators Boxer and Feinstein are not only supportive, but are actually cosponsors of the resolution being voted on."	9
"I love Ron. He's about the only person I can think of, myself -- but he *does* hold some personal opinions that are important to me, and which I disagree with. Abortion. He's very ""I'll leave you alone"" up 'til that issue, at which point he's fine legislating his morality. That doesn't make him corrupt, in my opinion, just... human."	9
"Sometimes they hit it right over there at USA Today. Not often, but sometimes. The author is right of course. It's inexcusable that we don't have our children protected....they're just targets for any random nut-job who wants hostages. What really amazes me though are the parents who steadfastly *defend* keeping their children unprotected--why? How can y"	9
"This is the #1 reason I'm against capital punishment. I don't doubt there are people who deserve to die, but the risk of the state killing an innocent person outweighs the need for vengeance. Locking the truly horrible away forever accomplishes the same goal but if someone is later found to be innocent it can at least be partially rectified."	9
It's more complicated than that. Can you really trust the aviation industry to pay for security? Who pays for what shares? Does Delta pay more than Alaskan Airlines? There's too much involved to just start charging airlines. It's also one of the reasons Air traffic controllers are federal employees.	9
Of all the theaters in auroua he chose the only one that didn't allow firearms and there where multiple theaters closer to his home. I don't know what his motivation for chosing was but I'm thinking he wanted a target rich and unarmed environment. Edit: I also know quite a few people that only spend money at places that allow them to carry their firearms	9
"Its not really even a plan. Its like if you asked how the GOP could win the Presidency in 2016 and they said ""we have a plan, we need to be more popular than the Democratic candidate, we need to raise more money, and we need to turn out our voters."" Doing those things would lead to a win...but they don't constitute a plan since there is no description on how"	9
"Most people on Congress are quite wealthy and would serve for free in order to keep certain beneficial arrangements in place. However, the system becomes pretty transparent when you have people working for free to establish policies that regulate industries that those same people have millions invested in."	9
"i agree with it when it's added to ""at least one parent must be a citizen"". just because someone snuck over the border and had a baby, doesn't mean that our society should have to take care of that baby (and almost always the parents) forever. I wonder what % of the parents of anchor babies ever go on to get their own citizenship ?"	9
"Exactly. People don't understand how fucked we are. The mountains are getting destroyed by mountaintop removal. I mean they are literally taking the tops of mountains off and putting the dirt in the valleys where the water runs. It's horrible. They put the trees in massive piles and burn em. Now our water is getting ruins by chemical spills, coal slurry s"	9
"Walmart mostly gets such attention because of its size. Meanwhile, California is still letting Amazon get away with not having to deal with the sales taxes its customers are responsible for, giving it an unfair advantage over brick-and-mortar stores. That's millions of dollar's worth of tax being unaccounted for that should be going to our state."	9
"|a man who blew up a housing project because someone changed his designs I think you may have missed the metaphor. The idea was that you own everything you create, since he created the housing project, he could do whatever he wanted with it. Roark also rapes his girlfriend the first time, but I doubt Rand was promoting rape. It's called metaphor, used often in"	9
"I wouldn't blame apathy as the sole reason. Back when I was a university student, instructors would schedule tests and quizzes *that they would not bend on rescheduling* on November 4th. Cocksuckers. And depending on how much a pain in the ass it is in your local jurisdiction, you *might* be able to get an absentee ballot. *Might."	9
"The car stereo thing I can get into. People should be charged with aural assault or something if you can hear their music outside their car. edit: To the upset people, remember that your rights end where others' begin. Also, if you lived somewhere where you frequently heard cars blaring angry, blood-pressure-raising rap along the road you'd understand my obje"	9
"You cannot affect them with boycotts, boycotts only make a company stronger with the free advertising. We have to change the government in this country so that it doesn't cater to corporation's every whim, and so that we keep corporations acting in a way that is best for society, not just their own bottom line."	9
"Those little people will get the same jobs at the next franchise that takes the place of any closed down Chick-Fil-A's. It's not like fast food has a ton of job security to begin with. Besides, by eating at Chick-Fil-A, aren't you hurting the employees at McDonald's? As long as you spend the same amount of money, you're supporting the same amount of jobs."	9
"No, for most of us, a great source of cheap junk. If *most* people had a genuine problem with sweatshops, there'd be a thriving market for more expensive goods produced at higher labour costs. But as it happens, *most* people leave their political awareness at home when they go shopping. (I should probably add that I'm exactly like ""most people"" and as much a"	9
"""Clinton"" does have a big name recognition and not all of it positive. By the time the next president takes office, a 1/4 of a century will have passed since Clinton first ran for office. I don't think it will be that relevant. If Hillary is to win, she needs to clearly demonstrate what she has offer the future and not rest on the laurels of Bill Clinton."	9
"not true. they pay taxes. and in fact they probably pay a much higher percentage of taxes. remember that 95% of people who submitted a tax return form in 2010 got money back due to paying too much in federal tax if they fell under 250,000. this, of course, does not include money paid 'under the table'. but are you really going to worry about a guy that got paid"	9
">The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; If the arts are within the general welfare of the US, and I think it's not difficult to argue they are, then congress has the right to collect taxes to support them."	9
"yes and no. Bradley Manning, drones in Pakistan, NDAA, the assassination of an American Citizen, etc. I think Dick Cheney is a war criminal, but we can't have it both ways. We can't arrest and hate 'their guy' and whistle and hold our ears while 'our guy' does some seriously crazy shit. We can debate that he had to it. But if that's the case, we can't be outr"	9
"AGREED. THANK YOU. with all the security these congressman probably have, they do not HAVE to stay at 4 or 5 star hotels. and im not hating on anyone for wanting to eat some good food, but good food does not have to be expensive. and lets not all forget the most important fact: congressman( and woman) are OUR PUBLIC SERVANTS. they serve US."	9
"Well, let me cut and paste: He spent the vast majority of his time arguing against authority figures who avoided *personal* responsibility for following God's tenets while fulfilling the letter of the law. What fits that description more than a citizen of this country who won't further help others without requiring a change in law that everyone must follow?"	9
"The article isn't about these ideas. The article was about Democrats, Independents, and Republicans being disgruntled with Congress and the President, but that most of them would vote Republican anyway. Although, I don't see Democrats voting Republican anytime soon, it does go to show that independents are more likely to vote Republican which is also shown in"	9
"It depends on where you live, and in many places, sadly, what color your skin is and how wealthy your family is. There are plenty of states where first offense for possessing less than a single gram can lead to jail time. There are other states where possessing an ounce gets you a slap on the wrist."	9
"The article distinctly states that there is no singular definition for middle class, and that most people assume they are middle class, even if qualified as ""upper"" or ""lower."" What is referenced is median income, and a suggestion that maybe this is ""middle class,"" but those are two distinct things when trying to lump people together into socio-economic ""class"	9
My memory says that health care reform was required to keep health care affordable and to help keep more people covered and without health care reform something bad will happen to the economy. So now it looks like there will be no health care reform. I think that some people will regret that there will be no health care reform.	9
They don't like Turks because they're basically imported due to the lack of Germans. It was more or less surreal for me to when I was talking to my German friend's friends over a beer. They literally despised them being in Germany. The main thing that seemed to piss them off though was that they 'always ask for one of your cigarettes.'	9
"That is only half true. I would certainly like to see my generation create this legacy, and my curiosity is insatiable, but my career is entertainment and service. You can automate everything you want, but people are still going to talk to their bartender. There will be a restaurant at the end of the universe."	9
I feel like the political parties themselves are the problem. Your elected official in this day and age really doesn't need to goto washington for anything. Whether or not it should be an up or down vote could easily be decided by talking to the people that voted them in. Not just the people that are rich enough to drop everything and travel to talk to them.	9
"What's interesting about this is that by splitting their votes, the state would almost certainly lose clout in electoral politics. Nobody would bother to campaign in Pennsylvania because there are winner-take-all contests in other states. So we have yet another example of the GOP choosing the interests of their party of the interests of their constituents."	9
">Under an old telecommunications act, emails stored over a certain amount of time are not protected from surveillance. Do you mean emails stored in a provider's service, even if a user deletes them? I don't know how long email hosts keep them around, but I never believed the given timeframe for deleted emails to be purged from their servers. This just stinks"	9
"> and just because a person comes from industry doesn't immediately make them ethically dubious. But pretty much everyone who comes from industry is going to have one or more conflicts of interest from working in that industry. That's the point, and what you must ignore in order to make that statement."	9
"> The edited version is substantially different than the original. I stand by the final version. > In West Virginia the age of consent for normal people is 16, for gays it's 18. Do you want to that to change or stay the same? From what I understand, after Lawrence v. Texas, all such laws are unconstitutional, so they can remain on the books, but are unprosec"	9
"Question: If someone were to suggest to you ""You have an issue with these types of people? Why don't we take all of them, relocate them to another part of the country? Everybody wins!"" that would be outright prejudice and segregation. If Microsoft were to move its main campus to a location that was more progressive and tolerant, wouldn't that just be giving th"	9
"They should pay what small businesses incapable of tax avoidance, sheltering and outsourcing pay. You can debate whether or not taxes are too high, and there's a valid conversation to be had therein, but until such a time, I do view any company that pays less than their smaller competitors as parasitic, however legal their methods."	9
"His entire campaign so far has not so much been an attack on Romney, but a work towards making the moderate centrist republican feel disillusioned towards their party. Romney is now off the ropes and starting to fight back, and the media is getting buffeted back towards a more neutral approach by popular opinion, this is the time to deliver such a message, if"	9
"I've seen other posts that are just as effective with their usages of links. The only difference is that this one agrees with popular reddit opinion. The Scooter Libby link was an obvious stretch to support the histrionic, romanticized, almost fetishistic idea that Bush is a dictator/king/despot. Seriously, he's getting removed in a year."	9
"Do you realize that most wealthy people are small business owners that live in average houses and don't spend a lot on clothes and buy used cars? The guys walking to their brokerage firm in $1000 suits and driving leased cars back to a house that sucks up half their paycheck are almost as broke as you. If you met the 1%, you wouldn't recognize them."	9
"This 2008 election season looked to be a continuation of 2006. If this election isn't about the war and not about the economy and issues are being ignored, then I guarantee you that our next president will be John McCain. The media was complicit in getting us into the mess in the middle east and it seems like they are working overtime on non-issues to keep"	9
"> This is what she says Really? I've listened to it several times now and I'm not really sure what you base your post on. I hear ""dad"", not ""day"". And she certainly does not say ""I"" after the word day. And check this on her web site: http://tinyurl.com/6eplvv It says """"When my dad grew up it was in a working class family in Scranton. I grew up in a church-go"	9
"Except that would never happen in practice due to the massive startup costs and the ability of the entrenched players to undercut startups. The only people that could possibly compete are huge players like Google, who have improved things where they've put in fiber, bit they've shown and stated an unwillingless to do widespread national rollouts."	9
"I thought the GOP was the party of the old, religious, and wishfully frugal, working to keep our society as static during our years of greatest economic success, fearful that any change may disrupt it. And now they think changing our society back to the way it was years ago will fix everything, ignoring that economic bubbles don't work that way."	9
"You're most welcome. Don't fear data - that's worse than the classism you were offended by. Ignorance of reality causes so much harm... There's nothing wrong with information, and I'm not judging based on intelligence or wealth, just am interested in seeing how the social and political dogmas align with those criteria. This isn't to suggest correlation i"	9
"Well now all you need to go to college and get a PhD is a fucking pencil. You have all these colleges trying to get new customers by saying how a college degree will help you create a bright future, when entry level salaries are not even enough to pay for rent, let alone pay off student loans. There are many ways of becoming successful without a higher educatio"	9
"If anyone cares to note, Ireland's economy collapsed during the recent financial troubles and has assumed its prior spot as ""the sick man of Europe"". The ""Celtic Tiger"" turned out to be the same old alley cat. http://www.finfacts.ie/irishfinancenews/article_1021964.shtml I think Forbes should find better support than Cisco and their 8 Irish factories for their"	9
"_Qu'on me donne six lignes _©crites de la main du plus honn_™te homme, j'y trouverai de quoi le faire pendre._ ""If you give me six lines written by the hand of the most honest of men, I will find something in them which will hang him."" -- Cardinal Richelieu, prime minister for King Louis XIII Police are empowered to arrest criminals, and in their eyes, everyo"	9
"This is why he being in the position he is in is scary. The power these nine people have, given by the constitution, is terrifying. We need to be able to trust implicitly that they make decisions carefully based on their legal opinions. If his decisions are based primarily on personal ideologies, or even worse, ideologies of *another person*, then we're in"	9
>[‚Äì]schifosa [deleted] 17 hours ago (1|0) >Yeah but you could go your whole life paying an extra hundreds of dollars every year without ever needing serious healthcare like surgery. Your basically paying for everyone elses care. Im sure you'd be pissed if you were paying 40% income tax to help everyone else.	9
"I agree. This is another form of repression. If you think a person is mature enough to vote and be considered an adult, than you should think they are capable of making their own decision. All this does is call every person who joins the marines an idiot, which is incredibly narrow-minded and false."	9
"Exactly, especially since they have basically admitted that the lift system wont be used for combat operations because it's so prone to wear. Not to mention that it will have no loiter time due to its terrible range. They should have just thrown their contractors a giant pile of money to do nothing and kept the hardware they were already using."	9
"I haven't seen either of those shows, so I concede I don't have adequate knowledge of the specific examples, but I find it hard to believe that the laugh track (or audience, same end result) actually adds to the show. If the show is funny, you should be laughing anyways. I just don't see the purpose of a laugh track besides convincing people unfunny scenes are"	8
"If we grant that most donations to congress members are in the form of campaign funding, it would seem ideal to limit terms. Unfortunately, someone is always going to be running for that seat, even if it isn't the incumbent, and that person will be able to be bought as well. As it is, incumbency is one of the only vote boosters that doesn't have to be purchased"	8
"> to assist an enterprise deemed advantageous to the public If you're doing it simply because it's advantageous to the public, then you wouldn't subsidize handicapped kids who aren't a worthwhile investment. If you don't consider it a subsidy, and instead consider it charity, there's no such restriction."	8
"You are right that we have counted unemployment the same way for decades, with only minor variations. Unemployment was up to 10.8% and it exceeded 9% for 19 months under Reagan. It was a TAX INCREASE in 1982 with a co-operative Democratic Congress that started us on the road to recovery in late 1982/early 1983."	8
They were probably downvoting over an assumption that you had assumed that permits are required. Even if you were assuming that its not a reason to downvote though. I don't think officials would have given them a permit if they thought it was going to last very long or have as many people as it looks to have.	8
"Also note it is not just golf courses. It is also bowling alleys, boat rentals etc. At many bases, especially the overseas ones, these recreational facilities are the only affordable things for military personnel to do besides drink. I am a pretty liberal guy but stories like this make me want to watch Fox News."	8
"It would seem to me, if they did come up with something like an ""Internet Dead-Switch,"" that it would only effectively shut off internet communications with places that decided to comply with such an act. Which means there is absolutely no point in even proposing such a stupid idea, we'd be shooting ourselves in the foot."	8
"I think in this kind of scenario city dwellers won't be of the mindset to be rising against the government, it will be rural compounds mostly. but in the event that the government really does become tyrannical, I would think that enough enlisted soldiers would abandon their posts and join the resistance ... but that wouldn't really require the civilian populat"	8
"The right to buy ""add space"" is understandable. It is important that you can support causes you like. One central concern of mine is the lack of transparency in the system, combined with the inflow corporate money. I fear the impact of these issues combined is underestimated. There's just something completely off by the way things work at the moment."	8
"Where did I say insurance is immoral? I'm not saying the government shouldn't help us when bad things do happen to us, but we can't blame the government for not stopping every bad thing before it happens, especially when that is extrapolated to mean that we should remove the rights of others for fear that they will infringe the rights we happen to find importa"	8
"The whole point of a corporation is to insulate the people that run it from liability. It has been that way since corporations were formed for a sea-going cargo ship. If you want to know more about this subject, read about ""corporate person hood"" http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Corporate_personhood_debate"	8
"Send in an absentee ballot early so you don't need to worry about any unexpected circumstances preventing you from going to vote on Election Day. If everyone that signed the petition sent in an absentee ballot it would likely pass, but we definitely don't have it in the bag yet. We Need 60% of the vote."	8
"I'd say he's actually moderate because of his social policies. He's moderate on economics (re: 70-80s republican) as well. Really he's there for party loyalty and foreign policy since he has a toehold in both the old school realism crowd (Scowcroft, Kissinger, Bush the Elder, Hagel, etc) and is at the fringe of the first wave of neocons."	8
"NATO doesn't apply to the southern hemisphere, so the U.S. would have to act unilaterally if the Europeans didn't feel like helping us out, which they probably wouldn't. Given the current public opinion about war, especially regarding its cost to the government, and given the situation our armed forces are in in Afghanistan and Iraq, I'm pretty certain we would"	8
"The other consideration was that state elections had turned into proxy national elections, with people voting for state senators based exclusively on who they'd elect to the US Senate. As a result, state issues were being forgotten. Personally, I'd rather my state senators address state issues, and leave the national issues for me to vote about separately."	8
"Excluding capital gains from owning a business like MSFT or Walmart, which we're assuming we're doing, top hedge fund managers are routinely compensated over a billion/year. http://www.nytimes.com/2010/04/01/business/01hedge.html Paulson did 3.7 in 2007, and other finance tycoons have been in the high hundred millions to low billions since around 1990."	8
"Interesting. I've got to say that it's really impressive that someone with such obvious challenges, manages to not only use the internet, but manages to type as well - even if what you type isn't entirely coherent. Perhaps in dark days like this one, it's inspirational stories like your own that can help keep the flame of hope alive."	8
"It's understandable if you want to hate on the Koch brothers (I do) after watching this, but save some scorn for ""The Senator From Wall Street"", Charles Schumer. It's also interesting that the corporate buyout of congress started because corporate America took a beatdown from Ralph Nader in the 60's and 70's."	8
"LOL, i live in Iran and people are not allowed to do anything or have their own thoughts! No i live in Norway, and i get now that the original post was a little unclear(but in my defense english isn't my native language) and it's not about ones personal identity. And i feel like i have adressed this in my other posts, so if you care to read them i hope it clari"	8
"True. People do homeschool their children, but the children are tested on a regular basis to see that they are being educated at a similar level to their peers in public schools. The key phrase is ""being educated."" If the home school parent/teacher is failing to educate them to community norms (or not at all,) the children will be sent to public school."	8
"Your car insurance analogy is not a good one. You don't *have* to have car insurance. You *have* to have car insurance if you want the *privilege* of driving on public roads. That's a huge difference. Don't get me wrong, I am not a constitutional lawyer and I have no idea whether this law is unconstitutional or not (leaning towards not), just pointing out t"	8
"Not necessarily, that is only one definition of the word. Decimate can also mean to drastically reduce the strength or effectiveness of something. I would argue that the use of the word decimate here is quite appropriate. https://www.google.com/search?source=dict-chrome-ex&amp;defl=en&amp;hl=en&amp;q=decimate&amp;tbo=1&amp;tbs=dfn:1>"	8
"As someone who lives in Wal-Mart's homeland I actually like the company a great deal. They're very philanthropic to the area and provide tons of jobs that actually pay very well. They do bully their vendor's around quite a bit, but that also brings jobs to the area. They also donate a ton of money to the university up here to improve the quality of education t"	8
"Isn't the government supposed to work for the people? Since the schools are government run, the teachers are government employees. Shouldn't the people be able to have a say in what the teachers are paid, since by extension the teachers work for the people? Which leads back to part of my post: >everyone is paid based on perceived market value for the position"	8
"Indeed, if we have to deal with a two-party system, then both parties should be required to lay out a budget *and* plan for the issues they want to support. Typically, this is their platform, but for many years now, the specifics of platform have been getting muddled and it's purely reactive politics based on funding, lobby, or overwhelming public demand (which"	8
I don't know. It says right on the box it's not fail safe. I actually think both parties consent to the possibility of pregnancy. That's why you wouldn't be able to successfully litigate against a contraception manufacturer if you got pregnant despite using a condom (presuming there was no defect in said condom).	8
"well that's not entirely true either... seems to me when it comes to paying the bills of huge irresponsible banks, they can just up and create money... http://www.economist.com/finance/displaystory.cfm?story_id=13561328 what makes banks so much more deserving than a person? how much do banks hurt without the right medication?"	8
"New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie's administration has settled its outstanding bill with the federal government for the massive New Jersey to Manhattan ARC commuter rail tunnel that Christie killed last year. The once intensely covered mass-transit story is likely to disappear from public view. But for Martin Robins, the memories live on in disappointment."	8
"Not a belief I hold but Christians tend to view any contraception as sinful. They believe it is interfering with conception as god intended it and, while not as a big of a deal as abortion, isn't ok. To those of us who don't see the world that way it is baffling that someone could have that opinion, but it's actually completely mainstream in most of the Chris"	8
"Construction unions. Bernie's game plan = a lot of construction for Americas ""crumbling infrastructure"" , which I fully support. 10k is chump change for a construction union, that's what one member pays in a couple of months of work. Construction unions are extremely strong and they need to support the hand that feeds them. They should be throwing millions"	8
"Sure - but my point still stands, from their perspective there's no reason to decriminalize. It was just difficult for me to imagine their perspective b/c I come from a working class background. I'm not sure why I'm getting downvoted - maybe people don't like the term elitist but there are definitely a lot of rich people in power and their concerns aren't the s"	8
"Who are the aides on the panel (on the whitehouse.gov video atm)? EDIT names as they're coming... Brian Deese, far left. Roberto Rodriguez, 2nd from left. Ben Rhodes, 3rd from left. Sara(?) ..., 4th from left. Kalpen Modi, the guy with the roving mike (the same Kalpen Modi who starred in Harold and Kumar Escape From Guantanamo Bay)."	8
"Wow. I have the same complaint about the big banks. If I need an atm, I have to find a local branch of my specific bank. With credit unions, they are almost all members of the star, coop or whatever network. So, I can go to pretty much ANY credit union to withdraw money without charge. That and most 7-11s now have atms that support these same networks, so"	8
"Well put and I agree, but I still give him a positive score on race. His policies of ending the drug war, 7 or 8 foreign wars, indefinite detention, and not bombing Iran are orders of magnitude better for improving the lives of non-white (and particularly poor non-white) people than Obama, Gingrich, or Romney."	8
"There are those that believe it has gotten warmer, and attribute it to just how the earth is. There are those that believe man is at fault, but don't believe in the government doing anything to solve it, for cynical reasons or whatever. Because of those 2, it will be hard to building a consensus for action."	8
"This needs to be much higher up. I know a lot of people who are completely misinformed on this issue (see other comments), and think that the USPS is paying benefits for workers 75 years from now up front and it's absurd. I'm not saying whether or not this was still the right thing to do, but we should at least get our facts straight."	8
"He deserves a trial. I was reading the editorial that the NYT's did on him. They ask him every five minutes 24 hours a day. ""Are you ok."" This has been on going for 9 months. They use his POI restrictions to torture him. Our president when asked to comment on it said something along the lines of, ""I trust their judgement."" The president is failing his obligatio"	8
"""...and no Warrants shall issue, but upon probable cause, supported by Oath or affirmation, and particularly describing the place to be searched, and the persons or things to be seized."" Tell me how they particularly described the place, persons, and things of 300 million Americans, so they could get that warrant."	8
"You've got to hand it to them. SOPA doesn't pass due to tech company led protests. I know, let's make a shittier bill and give them legal impunity so they won't get in the way of our Orwellian pursuits again. What about Jimmy Wales? I feel like Wikipedia was key in the last one, and he doesn't have the great corporate incentive to sell out his user base."	8
"I looked at the comments, hoping at least someone would point out that the piece wasn't even news, but instead: >Liberals use long words like vitrial to confuse us into thinking there smart. All I know is one down, 17 in the cross hairs!!!! &amp;#3232;\_&amp;#3232; I suppose I should have known better."	8
"Oh, and I forgot to include the Child Tax Credit (different from the child care credit): Credit = 1000/child *2 kids = 2000 So actually, their tax would be 796, not 2796. Total fed tax would be $4,551. Under 999, which eliminates the child tax credit, they'd pay (est) $7,920. Which is an increase of about 74%. I'd say that's pretty significant."	8
"Technically America can be classified Republic Democracy, due to the fact that we have individual states maintaining themselves which contributing to a union public policy via Congress/Representatives. In Fact we don't even have the purest form of democracy which is direct Democracy due to fact that we don't directly make laws, but we elect people who do that."	8
"I know, right? People are going on about some nonsense about the ""first amendment"" and a ""right to assemble peacefully,"" but I think we all know that if that were *really* in the constitution then of course the governor would have known about it and respected it. Edit - Come on everybody, look at the parent poster's username before you downvote. Plus it's hi"	8
"Public shaming may have worked in one luxury market where literally, appearance is all that counts. It's quite a different matter when you're trying to get a median income American to add $100/month to his energy costs (home and transportation). And how much do you think fed/state/local energy use amounts to nationally?"	8
"Wyoming has a middle-of-the-road American education system. There's not really anything wrong with it, and people from Wyoming achieve well relative to the amount spent on education. Let's not minimize what Micheli is saying here by assuming that students in Wyoming are so stupid that it doesn't matter what we teach them. Every American deserves a good educa"	8
"Sure, though my initial claim though was that the legality is disputed. However, there is certainly a potential argument that the Iraq war was a war of hegemony since all the stated reasons have been shown to be false. Of course it would be near impossible to demonstrated this intention in any court."	8
"As I said, state's discretion, but with reasonable justification. License is entirely part of that. What a state can tell you: * We won't give you a license because you are blind * We revoke your license because you have 3 DUIs * You are too old to be able to drive safely, no license for you * etc. What the state can't do: * We won't give you a license for n"	8
"What you guys think is happening may not be the case. If you're going to risk the greatest political scandal of all time and try to fraudulently steal a presidential election using compromised voting machines, you're not going to display your shenanigans on the touch screen for the voter to witness themselves."	8
"Look up Kyle Dinkheller, he was shot during a routine traffic stop, the video for it is pretty scary. Cops get killed and injured all the time. Hate to play devil's advocate, but I think alot if people here don't understand the job. But yes, from everything I've seen so far about this one case, this guy deserves to burn."	8
"Man, I don't know about kids smoking weed. It's not a wise thing to mess with a brain's most important time of development, and I've met a number of young weed smokers that talk stupider than a sack of bricks. Weed is definitely something people should reserve until their minds are fully formed and able to function normally. Kid minds are already heavily imbala"	8
"America has had a long history of allowing immigrants to enlist in the military for citizenship. The highest numbers of foreign-born soldiers in the U.S was during the Civil War and World War 2. Although there are a lot of conflicting ideas about this, I say let'em. If an immigrant wants to ""prove their patriotism"" by joining the military, citizenship would b"	8
"3 million AR-15s in circulation in the US. 30 rounds is the default magazine size. 10-15 round magazines are restricted capacity magazines. An extended magazine would be something like a 100 round drum. Most bullets are jacketed. It's that or hollowpoints. Neither are particularly special. *EDIT* Also, yes, I have a 100 round drum."	8
"I don't endorse it--I'm a former Catholic--but I'm going to play Devil's advocate. There are very few *public* locations that have the capacity, PA system, seating, A/C (ie not the football stadium) etc. and it's usually free or very cheap to rent. In a small town, this may be the only option."	8
"This is a wonderful read. I don't think it's a conspiracy but rather that the u3 isn't the best measure of unemployment, I prefer to look at both the u3 and u6 to gather a full idea of how the country doing. Of course Americans in general can't be bothered to look at two different numbers and figure things out for themselves."	8
"My only speeding ticket ever came from the Navajo Nation. I was moving across the country in a Geo Metro. As I was in the left lane *in back of a semi*, the guy pulled ME over because I was clearly not coming back. I was young and dumb and paid it. I hate getting pulled over by the man. One interesting note, though: Never call an Indian police officer ""Ch"	8
"No, because one region was agrarian, the other was industrial. Removing slavery the equation leaves them at two completely opposite ends of the social, political, and economic spectra. Both sides had mostly disgust for the other's way of life, irregardless of slavery, and the northern states were able to do something about it because of their massive majority"	8
">538 with the timely data to foment a riot. As can be seen by actually reading the article, they did not cite that data to foment a riot. Instead, they cited that data as substantiation for their ""big-picture reforms"" which include ""police demilitarization, the de-criminalization of working-class people"" and ""new policing models."""	8
That's the median salary for a Football coach. That means there will be coaches that make a lot more than that. What median means is that most schools you're going to find coaches making around $1.05 million or more. For the University of North Carolina that is a cost of $3600 per student per year.	8
"The second amendment prevents that. Semi auto guns with detachable mags are 90% of the guns in the country, and also include pistols and shotguns which are just as lethal. Rifles are a tiny part of the problem, and account for around 3% of gun murders. Virginia tech was the most deadly school shooting, and he used two normal handguns with detachable magazine"	8
I am no progammer either but I think it is more complicated than you might think. The tool likely involves some type of encryption. The tool would likely be custom because more standard fare would have known hacks. A custom tool involving incryption is not something your average programmer will bang out.	8
"Don't think it was said that it's *mostly* Californians moving here. The main point is that Austin is a liberal city and it is attracting many liberal people, lots of which come from California. Also, to your stat, people moving from Williamson County to Austin are literally just moving between 1-20 miles. They're really just changing neighborhoods, not cities"	8
"I think it has to do with lack of proper, rational, factual sex ed. And an objective, less emotionally/religiously charged view of sex. If people were taught to be empowered and responsible for their sexual activity and not be ashamed of it or ashamed of buying condoms, unintended pregnancies may decrease."	8
"It's authorized by congress (which makes it legal) but it is clearly a violation of the Fourth Amendment (which makes it not-so legal). I think his goal was not to divulge particularly vital secrets, but to make the public aware of the direction we're going as a country so we can have a discussion about it. He forced the Fed's hand to start talking."	8
"There's a basic mathematical flaw in the reasoning. Why would we assume that the project that takes 10 people costs as much as the one that took 50? If there's one thing tech has done, it's make projects more cost efficient. So more likely, with the same spending, you still employ 50 ppl and get 5x the work done. Edit: iphone related typos."	8
If everybody was management in any place but a small company then no one would do any real work. How often has the boss taken a 2 week vacation and the place still functioned but when the admin assistant went on vacation the almost stops functioning. Not saying the the admin assistant would make a good boss but which one could you exchange and have the least d	8
"I think the problem is that conservatives promote fiscal responsibility *only insofar as social programs are concerned*. They're happy to spend, spend, spend, but just not on programs that might help bring people out of poverty. Not to mention, we'd have to shut down half the government to actually arrive at ""fiscal responsibility"" at conservatives' desired t"	8
"It may connote majority support, but it is not a public vote because the public didn't vote on it. It's a legislative vote. The difference is simple and important. The representatives chosen by the public voted on it, and they will often defy their constituents - it's how elected officials can sometimes wind up with single-digit approval ratings."	8
"Corporations exist to create a buffer identity between the owners of a venture and the consequences of that venture's actions. There is no reason to stop individuals from assembling to cooperatively pursue a venture, but there is also no reason to shield those individuals from the risks involved in that venture."	8
"Ideally yes. And considering that half of the roads in the northern part of my state are dirt roads that are a bitch to navigate with a car, especially around Crandon, it isn't good. On top of that, because of the mixture of warm and cold spells this year, the roads are probably going to look like shit in April..."	8
"you can call him out for things he hasn't promised, but calling him names to invoke fear is... no bueno. he's still the president of the united states, elected by the majority of the people for a term of 4 years. at least work with him, not destroy him cuz the country does seriously need help. and the GOP is not helping with this divide and conquer crap."	8
"Perhaps he thinks political gridlock is keeping people from seeing what they vote for. Let the light scatter the cockroaches to the dark corners of society where they belong. This includes the democrats, their 4ish months of majority rule when obama was elected sure said a lot about who the democratic party is. The ""left"" wing of the 1% (money) party."	8
"There are not many differences between the 2 parties. They both are working for big business, banks, and special interest groups. In the mean time they disguise this with trivial differences to make it appear they are competing that really make no difference during their term as president such as abortion stances, gay rights, etc."	8
">It may not be helping the government get anything accomplished, but it's helping the executive administration call out the ridiculousness of their adversaries. That counts for something. Leave that to the media, not the government officials. It only leads to more conflict and away from bipartisanship."	8
"Prior to the western invasion, the natives were often at war with each other for no less noble a cause. Most people think Europeans fucked up the native Americans, but in reality it was disease that wiped out 90% of their population, not the superior weaponry of the white men. Although I'm not certain the diseases weren't caused by the whites."	8
"I think the idea against this argument is that most people don't invest (or ""pay tax"") toward the effort to reduce emissions, which is just as vital for the common good (perhaps more, in the long run). In making the effort and investment to go solar, you are already contributing something that most people don't."	8
"I'm 36, high school grad with no advantages in life. I busted my ass to get where I am. I have spent my entire adult life saving money for retirement for one purpose. To never have to rely on social security like my own parents will. I don't want people to not have a safety blanket, but I want people to start relying on their own resources not the government. T"	8
"But other politicians do that to much higher extremes than this. And it wasn't really like he was looking for money so that he could get elected, like how Romney and Obama would take money from big name companies for campaigning and then give them free reign to do whatever they want (health insurance and pharmaceutical companies)."	8
"So it's all or nothing? It's going to happen. Not everyone is a Democrat, this has to work so people will trust them. That's what the GOP is so afraid of. You know how many things I want to happen right now? Find a good way to effectively communicate to more people and we've got a shot sooner than later."	8
"It doesn't have to lead to a boycott. Most times, it doesn't lead to boycotts. When he called a 13 year old Chelsea Clinton a dog, it didn't lead to boycotts. This time, the general public has decided that they've had enough of Limbaugh and his style. Like the old saying goes, this is the straw that broke the camel's back."	8
"I cannot say if they profit from war any longer. But I can say that they have a vested interest in ensuring there is no hyper inflation, and thus have a vested interest in insuring oil is sold for dollars, and not some other currency. Hyper inflation in the U.S. would mean a massive loss in loan valuations and other investments. See: Robert Newman's History"	8
"ive seen a few bullet holes man. theyre about as big as a bullet when they go in, and they dont always come out. with a handgun, it probably wouldn't go out the other side. its not like zombie movies. you could shoot a guy on top of you if he's wearing a hoodie and get out from under him before he gets a drop on you. it doesnt explode all over the place like i"	8
"I assumed from your post that you already had one. Yes you should get a guitar first before you buy a custom instrument. They are rather difficult to play, and the one I have is fretless. Go find an acoustic guitar on CL for $50 and don't be discouraged when it takes a couple of months to make any progress with your fingers."	8
"> Compared to any other generational cohort, the generation currently entering the workforce roundly expects higher pay, more responsibility, and more rapid advancement than any other generational cohort. And admittedly, they are required to have higher qualifications to even get a job at all, so the portion who manage to find work *should* expect more."	8
"There are a lot of people with violent tendencies. There are a lot of crimes that indicate that the person may show violent behavior in the future. If we start registering everyone that we think may show this behavior in the future the system will be overloaded, and it's a pretty useless list to begin with. I don't think we should have a lifetime sex offender"	8
"Absolutely not. people can have a mild allergic reaction to marijuana but there has never been a documented death. Most people get a rash or skin irritation from handling it or mild respirattory problems from smoking it. They have never been able to identify what invokes the reaction, there is a very good chance those people are allergic to many different prote"	8
">I'm a conservative and I'm pro-union, because unions are a free-market response to a market anomaly, as opposed to government regulation of the market. I have honestly never heard that particular viewpoint. Is this a common position? Most conservatives I talk to are against them because they think unions are a collection of greedy freeloaders and that's about"	8
"It's not particularly wise: it blames 2 specific factors and denies 1 specific factor, even though almost certainly the problem is all 3 of those factors, and more. I think the person who attributed it to Freeman wanted to add artificial authority to the quote (and it works - Freeman's voice and historical principles add it effectively)."	8
"While I'd agree and say that those making only 20k per year probably screwed themselves somewhere (laziness, not finishing hs, etc.), making assumptions that income is directly proportional to effort is false. At what income level are people no longer lazy POSs? Does this mean all millionaires stay awake all hours of the day, slaving away at their work (mea"	8
"If your case is good enough, you can bring a 1983 action, wherein the actual police officers will usually be immune from liability (or even prosecution!), and you will end up suing the municipality. In other words: the government will allow you to sue yourself and your neighbors for the wrongs hazarded upon you by the getoffmesirs."	8
"This is why Alexander Hamilton argued against having specific amendments for specific rights. If the government was not given the power over certain things, the default would be ""it is a right"". The ramifications today are ""Well I don't see Gay marriage listed as a right in the constitution"" or whatever political flavor of the month it is."	8
"Those are two entirely different scales. I'm a parent myself, and I don't care what my daughter puts on her ipod. In fact, I've turned her on to music that made *her* blush. However, putting a child through school is a massive investment that can easily run into the hundreds of thousands of dollars. Before I put that kinda money out for anything, there will"	8
"He could be doing the responsible thing and making sure the data he dumps isn't so sensitive it starts getting people killed. Additionally, this is one of those scoop's that makes journalists mouth water, greed could be influencing him. There's any number of reasons he doesn't dump the data, hell it makes a great bargaining chip, he could have it deadman switch"	8
">It STARTS with an idea and then you move to prove your idea wrong, I have found that this step comes optional the majority of the time. People do not have time to validate their own existence and much less their ideas. That is why knowledge is validated over many generations with repeated success or so it goes."	8
"The only problem is that ""healthy"" food tends to be expensive. I'd have to see what they mean by junk food. Of course ice cream and soda are included, but what else? This is where things get tricky. Do you mean only to buy the hipster culinary selection, which gets expensive? Note: the ""healthy"" is in quotes because there's things that are deemed healthy but a"	8
"About 1 a year, average, over the past decade. Those things aren't meant to kill people anyway. They're a symbol of protest. The only reason the Zionists like to pretend they're weapons and that they're a threat to Israel is so that they can justify all the criminal behavior they carry out against The Palestinians."	8
"I was with you until the ellipsis. Words like that are creating two much hostility between the reds and blues. Need both parties to work together for a stronger country. like it or not 46% of the people in the US are red. The electoral college needs to be changed, as well as the gerrymandering. In a better world Democrats would look at this as the first step"	7
"I know a couple of Danes who left Denmark. Obviously they are a biased and small sample, but their reasons were that it is incredibly boring to live in there, and you have very little money left to do anything you might actually want to do after paying all your taxes. The government provides lots of stuff for you, but it's like being a well-cared-for pet in a"	7
"> Now why would they do that? To salvage the wreckage, search for survivors (if it was manned), inspect the damage to surrounding infrastructure, reuse the site, or any one of a hundred other possible reasons. On the other hand, what reason would they have to keep it the way it was after being bombed? Why shouldn't someone try to rebuild after being attacked?"	7
"There HAS to be more to this story. Otherwise, the lawyer who represented this guy is liable for malpractice and the judge is totally out of her mind, but I doubt it. The guy may have millions in assets, or sitting in a bank somewhere, while only showing a low income. Who knows, but we are not getting the full story."	7
"No one wants to take your gun. Just be careful with it, please. We know you need it, but just be careful with it as you have an affection for a dangerous thing. I get it. I am attracted to sports cars, racing bicycles (I've crashed three times and been hospitalized twice) and I used to be a risky skier (outran an avalanche once). Yeah, the macho thrills ar"	7
"ABC stores share space in shopping centers right? The students who were approached by ABC agents were in a parking lot at Harris Teeter. Do grocery stores and ABC stores share parking lots in shopping centers? Either way, the state shouldn't be running running liquor stores setting prices and inventory lists. Virginia ABC has too much control with alcohol r"	7
> How will these people still get serviced in an environment where it's not cost effective to deliver their mail or packages? Make USPS only serve those communities. As an example the federal government subsidize a number of commercial flight routes but not all commercial flight routes. Why couldn't USPS be re-tasked to only provide services to communities who	7
"True, not all who pledge will follow through. But I just called Mr. Freeman and wrote their general email box. After I drive the 2,200 miles I'll have to drive this Christmas to see my family I'll email him the gas receipts. Anyone else taking Amtrak or Greyhound or renting a car should do something similar."	7
"I did notice that. But it goes along with economic theory as well, as I said. Why would you hire a non-English speaker at $15/hr when you could get a part time college kid or something that speaks English perfectly for that amount? This is not a rhetorical question. This is what you're suggesting occurs."	7
"Sure you can, but employees are taking a risk hiring someone, and they want a good chance of an employee being worth their investment. Employers were more willing to train when people didn't switch jobs like they do now. Most of the time if you train someone, they don't stick around long enough to make it worthwhile"	7
"Actually the first shot was aimed at the cieling according to reports. Technically it's possible that someone could have stopped the shooter before anyone was injured, although it still technically would have been a shooting, it wouldn't have been a tragedy. This particular shooting where 12 died would have been prevented, and a different less tragic one woul"	7
"Parties share policy stances, records, and values, genius. Try passing legislation in a representative government by your lonesome. Politics is about herding cats, not expressing your unique individuality by demanding that your representative matches your every whim exactly. Considering it is a two-party system, figure out which you align closer with and act ac"	7
"Looking at the post title, seeing Ohio: > Cleveland? Was it in Cleveland? I bet it was in Cleveland. ""From Rodney King to Amadou Diallo to Sean Bell, stories of police over-response continue to fill the news. But the latest shooting, in Cleveland, has many asking if it will ever stop. Mansfield Frazier reports."" ...Goddammit Cleveland."	7
"I was just looking at some of the things on that site, and although it would appeal to people like me (generally liberal/democrat), I don't think other people want to see stuff about expanding gay-rights, abortion coverage, a 800 billion dollar stimulus bill. I think it's great, but other people definitely may not."	7
"$25 for a photo ID? That's very cheap... in my municipality a passport costs $60, a drivers license $52 and a standard photo ID $50. You're required to carry one of these three with you at all time from age 14. Thanks to this, the supreme court has ruled that children should not have to pay for a photo ID (but I believe that's the only exception)."	7
"Okay, I will admit, I do not go on conservative websites or watch Fox, but I have seen plenty on MSNBC about it, and it seems that everyone they bring on to talk about it just says it's in terrible taste (an opinion of which I agree for a number of reasons). I don't see anyone actively blocking the building of the center."	7
"If they coupled it with something limiting the power of corporations in politics, I might be tempted to compromise. But this is pretty one sided. If you work a 40 hour week, thank a union. Many of the workplace regulations that prevent sweatshops and child labor were born of union activism. This isn't about freedom, it's about corporate power."	7
"I don't believe supporting an antiwar candidate is a waste of time and effort, it injects memes of peace into the political dialog. Eventually enough of us will be talking the end of wars we will reach a tipping toward peace. Or maybe I've consumed too much holiday nirvana and don't know what the shit I'm talking about. You be the judge."	7
"I'm extremely pro-life (religion has nothing to do with it, asshats). But I'm not like ""ANYONE WHO WANTS AN ABORTION IS A FUCKED UP BITCH AND THIS AND THAT."" I feel like there needs to be more support for people who ""need"" an abortion, instead of being Nazis about it. Make people not feel the need to have an abortion. The understanding of needs is the answer to"	7
"Woah! My neighbors aren't gay, but they moved in next to me and were asking me for church suggestions because their preacher/priest/whatever started to say all this anti-gay stuff, so they were looking for a place that was more progressive. I had no idea this was a huge phenomenon, but I guess I can say I can ""confirm"" this trend based on what I've witnessed"	7
"Not sure why there's 14 (and 13 in that list) when only 7 voted nay on the passage of the bill in the first place, according to the senate.gov's website. Coburn (R-OK) Harkin (D-IA) Lee (R-UT) Merkley (D-OR) Paul (R-KY) Sanders (I-VT) Wyden (D-OR) Source here. edit: The vote this post seems to be referring to is here. I am unclear what the senate considers a"	7
"Hmmm. You're saying that Anarchism is left-wing. It is my understanding that typically Anarchism is right-wing, e.g. anti-government. (The ultimate limited government.) I do recognize that some anarchists do consider themselves to closer to the left, though, although I'm not personally able to understand their mental contortions."	7
"> Should we talk about how shady some of democratic candidates are? Sure, just look for any of the hundreds of thousands anti-hillary stories, of which there are FAR more of on the internet than anti-Rubio stories. Your follow up points are somewhat hostile and judgmental, you should avoid that, it's never constructive."	7
">I heartily accept the motto, ""That government is best which governs least""; and I should like to see it acted up to more rapidly and systematically. Carried out, it finally amounts to this, which also I believe ‚Äî ""That government is best which governs not at all""; and when men are prepared for it, that will be the kind of government which they will have. -"	7
That is where you are wrong. Corporate personhood does not grant corporations all the constitutional rights given to a natural person. They can't marry hold public office or vote among other things... Although I do agree that the rights given to corporations should be strictly defined and very limited.	7
"Hmm.. Okay. I didn't know that before. However, I thought that most small business owners don't make anywhere near the $250k that the President wants to set as the benchmark for raising taxes. In your reference, would this suppose that the _business_ income that exceeds $250k would be taxed even though it's technically a personal income tax increase? Still"	7
"You know, while I of course support equal rights and protections regardless of gender (or sexuality, or race, etc) and wouldn't argue *against* the ERA, I'm not sure why it's necessary, given the first section of the Fourteenth Amendment. (If someone more knowledgeable on Constitutional law could explain it to me, I'd be grateful.)"	7
"Why not get rid of the IRS all together and implement a national sales tax. This way everyone pays taxes, illegals and people who work for cash. Also, no one has to pay taxes if they do not wish. This method encourages savings and promotes jobs by not taxing corporations which makes them more competitive. It is really the way to go in order to have a free so"	7
"But, that is for payroll tax, estate tax and capital gains taxes, which are primarily taxes on the rich are at their lowest in recorded history. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:Estate_Tax_Returns_as_a_Percentage_of_Adult_Deaths,_1982_-_2010.gif http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:Top_Capital_Gains_Tax_Rates_and_Economic_Growth_1950-2011.jpg"	7
"Correct, so seeing a bubble in the stock market takes more finess than just looking at one single metric. What makes me think this stock market is in a bubble is the fact that stocks are rising amid such high unemployment. There will be a trading ceiling in there and it will hit sometime in the future."	7
"I think that's a pretty fair assessment. I just had a discussion with a conservative friend of mine and he said it basically comes down to survival of the fittest. But it also seems like the conservatives, broadly, have a failure of empathy. You can go into stereotypes on either side, but it seems accurate here."	7
"Oh, I thought snake oil meant something different, guess I learned the hard way ;). Cannabis cures nothing, but it has been said that no other drug comes even close to helping and relieving such a broad variety of ailments and illnesses, I think that makes it a pretty special medicine being denied it's full potential."	7
"I don't understand? Why are the delegates being proportion for only the top 2? Doesn't make sense. It also states ""if there are no changes in support"" and I think we can both agree that Rick Santorum was a miraculous one-hit-wonder and will not be around in a couple months. Ron Paul's fan base will still be there stronger than ever though."	7
"No, but it's an established fact that he had a tape recorder running. Before the advent of the VCR, that's what people had to do, I guess, if they didn't want to miss their shows. I forgot exactly what happened to the tape recording, but it wasn't allowed to be used as evidence. The information can be found somewhere in this documentary."	7
"So long as you're talking revolution like ""The Republican Revolution"" that happened in 1994 then it's all good. Working within the system as the system does actually still function. Should the system itself break down... well then things get bloody and honestly I pray it never comes to that since what we'll have when it's done will not be a democracy."	7
"I just think Rand will be much more popular than his father and might try to run in 2016. He is almost just like his father, but much more charismatic and there are no age issues. My own mother says she hates Ron, but would vote for Rand if he ran basically just because he's young and good looking to a 40 year old woman. Even though his beliefs and political st"	7
"That is what I meant. Exxon maintains an artificial shortage of refined products to keep prices high. The ability to extract the oil outstrips the ability to refine and get market. This bottleneck is by the choice of the companies. It is quite possible to have < $1.00 a gallon gas again, and the could still profit greatly."	7
"No honest person can tell you that it would be cheaper [or more expensive]. There are far too many unknowable variables to consider. Currently, FedEx and UPS are not the cheapest for all types of package shipping, but in those cases, they compete in other areas, such as speed, tracking, etc. I would prefer to have the same choices for letter [mailbox] shipping"	7
"That's tomorrow, and that is it for us today ... okay, I don't know what‚Äîwhatever it is it's not right on the seashore. I don't know what that is. I've never seen that. ... Okay, but‚ÄîI can't understand it. Rising and falling seawater. What do they mean? I don't know what it does mean: moving seawater. Unexplainable forces?"	7
"> The widespread belief is that Rafsanjani has been in the holy city of Qom, working to assemble a religious and political coalition to topple the supreme leader and President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad. I have been waiting for someone to actually get something done and put some purpose behind these protests."	7
"The reality is not quite that sinister; it's just that the public schooling system we have now was designed to produce factory workers back when everyone could get a job in a steel mill and make a good living for 40 years that way. We haven't seriously re-examined the entire educational system since then, and an uneducated populace is what we get."	7
"How much does one man really need, anyway? At least he appears to recognize it. Even if he were doing it solely to look good, it's working and he's done a lot of good. I'd like to think that, were I in his position, I might do the same thing, because really, I just want to be relatively debt free and comfortable. I don't need a billion and one things."	7
"You could definitely educate people about that WITHOUT calling them liars! I'd have been really interested to hear about this. Ok, so basically what I'm getting from you is: Mormons repudiated this prophecy in the same way the lead folks ""repudiated"" polygamy -- i.e. they say to the public that it's bad, but it's still discussed with insiders. Am I getting"	7
"Analysts point out that the imitation of journalistic norms has spread to comments at the popular social bookmarking website. One analyst commented, ""It seems like readers are hungry for the appearance of objectivity."" In reaction to these developments, the Dow Jones Industrial Average plunged in early trading, to end the day 30 points lower."	7
"Still not sure how Bush started the process. There is no evidence that his torture program lead to intel we could act on 8 years later. He wasn't trying to go into Pakistan to find Bin Laden. He even said finding Bin Laden wasn't a priority. I wouldn't give Obama all the credit, but I wouldn't give Bush any of the credit."	7
"I don't understand what this is really about. People signed petitions speaking their mind against Glen Beck, but it's humorous / whatever you want to call it when people defend Glen Beck? It's all relative. Most people on Reddit will see these people as idiots, racists, etc. However the people signing this petition would share some ill mannered thoughts of pe"	7
"While I personally didn't downvote you, I think your comment was downvoted for, if anything, it's naivete. Our system of checks and balances is obviously not working for gay folks in the same way it failed to help (and continues, in many cases, to not help) several minorities gain their rights from the majority less than a century ago..."	7
"Does he have to? Constitution says you can occupy only one office, not what offices you can run for. However KY law disagrees currently. I think it would be in Kentuckys best interests to let him run for both. If he was up for reelection in 2018 this would be a moot point. Look at the sitting president, he didn't resign his Senate seat until he was elected"	7
"He spoke at my college; I had never heard him before, so hearing that voice was a huge shock. For the first 15 min of his speech he sounds like a cross between a grandmother and a creaking door; his passion for the issues (in this case environment and health care) shines through enough to take you past it though."	7
">And this was mainstream Islam at its finest. Could you please provide a factual basis for the claim that mainstream Islam was/is in concurrence with the calls for the death of Salman Rushdie? Perhaps you could start by explaining what - according to your understanding - is ""mainstream Islam""? Thank you."	7
Well in that case he is right I guess. If for instance $100 is worth 100 buble gums and its circulating and then somebody dillutes it so that $100 is worth ten buble gums but we have $1000 in ciruclation... then yes we have the exact same amount. But also we can purchase the exact same amount so the overall economy has not moved an inch.	7
"Banks help stimulate the economy. Your money (that will get deflated) -> Bank -> Bank supports new &amp; upcoming businesses using your money while paying you interest, albeit low interest it's better than just leaving it to sit and deflate-> businesses grow until they no longer need support -> more jobs, more money for the people, more money for you."	7
sometimes you have to bite the bullet and compromise for a greater purpose. after the election reforms greens and libertarians can at least argue honestly and on a level playing field. i.e. they both have more to gain by working together on this one issue than they have differences (their differences don't matter if both parties are excluded from participation	7
"But imagine if it was just one cell phone service provider; they could charge whatever they want for their service and people would be forced to accept it, this way they are balancing themselves out to maximize profits (good thing) while keeping a low cost to the consumer(generally a good thing as we are the consumers)"	7
"I have given it quite a bit of thought. What's the alternative given us? The corporations were bailed out, millions of people are still underwater, draining their retirement accounts to pay mortgages to companies rewarded for their conduct. These mortgages and the cars people are now buying should have gone at fire sale prices. Just my thoughts."	7
">Pushing policies that result in unequal treatment under the law and financial and personal gain for a single privileged group is, in fact, criminal, and many of the social results of those policies, such as a significantly higher suicide rate among gay teens, is the same as violent crime. Can you point us to the relevant statutes?"	7
If everyone has the right to not join the union then it is fair. More members means more resources. If you are unhappy with your wage/benefits/etc then join the union. If you are content then there is no reason to join. Just because you have the right to join a union doesn't mean you have an obligation.	7
"Uh... right. On the other hand, it's entirely possible that calling Hitler a punk bitch wouldn't have done much to stop his invasion of Poland. But while we're on the topic, what kind of ""support and independent adjudication"" do you believe the international community should have provided to Poland?"	7
"They are becoming overpriced, they're probably using the extra cash so they can improve stuff that doesn't have any help to an education. I'd rather go to an okay looking campus, with an okay sports program, have a great education, and only pay 20K a year, than go to a masterpiece of a campus, with a national winning team, have an okay education, and have to pa"	7
"Yes, but I feel like getting information from diverse sources, even if I think what they are purveying is false and derogatory. Especially if what they are purveying is false and derogatory. Know what the people who oppose you (I hesitate to call them enemies) are being fed and you have a better chance of actually engaging them in meaningful debates."	7
I for one know people Personally who paid into a fund to keep that law from passing. All 5 were Very successful collective and dispensery owners. By very successful I mean millions from their trade. You're completely right. The law itself was too vague. I still feel until we get every smoker on One side it won't happen	7
"I keep on hearing this statement get thrown around as though it's true. Kerry received 88% of the black vote in 2004. Obama received 93% of the black vote in 2012. On the other hand, black republican Tim Scott pulled in only 10% of the black vote. The numbers show it's not a black/white issue it's a democrat/republican issue."	7
"My teacher in our Journalism course liked to remind us that the average American had about a 6th grade reading level. So, if your writing couldn't be understood by a 4th grader, you're going to lose about half your audience right off the start. Comparing something complicated to a cartoon ogre is just about the right speed."	7
>a comprehensive document sent to creditors before they vote on a plan of reorganization. The Old Carco plan also proposed repaying Class 1 priority claims in full. Meaning the Treasury will take the 3.7 billion hit so the campaign contributors can get first dibs at the assets remaining. TARP was suppose to supersede Class 1 claim holders in the event of BK.	7
"I don't really care a whole lot if a presidential candidate sleeps with thousands of hookers, if he'd make the best leader, I'd want him running my country. ""Family values"" seems tangential to the ability to effectively lead a country. With that said, I don't think Newt Gingrich would make a very effective political leader, and I don't particularly care for hi"	7
"I'd rather have something sprayed with things to kill bacteria than have it filled with bacteria. I think the worry should be more along the lines of ""Is the bactericidal agent removed in processing."" I dont' care about the idea of my food being treated with ammonia, chlorine... hell use kryptonite if that's what it takes to kill the bacteria. Just be sure i"	7
"I dig what you're saying but I also know that kids are gonna go nowhere without at least a bachelor's degree anymore. I also know that the rates were just voted to double to over 6%. Now, how are banks going to figure in the necessity of a college education with their ""risk assessments""? What will those rates be? I'm betting pretty crippling."	6
"Think of it like any professional with an obligation that transcends the workplace bounds. If Senator Jon Doe posts on his blog that he hates ""them gay folk"", do you think that might come back to haunt him even though it was on ""his own time""? Some people are in more sensitive positions, and are generally held to a higher standard than others."	6
"I'm wondering the same thing . . it is always the 'non-violent' aspects of revolutions that we are taught in school, as if pure pacifism has EVER been the sole cause of a revolution. You're never told about the unavoidable bloodshed that accompanies every coup, as that information is not really in any government's best interest to provide."	6
"Chrome says: **Warning: Visiting this site may harm your computer!** The website at politicalirony.com contains elements from the site www.step-traff.info, which appears to host malware ‚Äì software that can hurt your computer or otherwise operate without your consent. Just visiting a site that contains malware can infect your computer."	6
"My taxes, insurance and mortgage payment is just shy of $650 a month, I can't even touch an apartment where I live for that much. That said it all depends on where you live if renting or buying is cheaper. PS I don't live in a bad area, the crime rate where I live is low and the neighborhood is nice."	6
"Despite what the documentary claims, the term ""Al-Qaida"" was in use at least as early as 1998, as it appears in Clinton's Executive Order 13099: http://en.wikisource.org/wiki/Executive_Order_13099 The doesn't necessary negate the contention that it's a US invention, but it certainly wasn't in response to 9/11. So there's that."	6
"Thanks! Can you link anything to me? I found some stuff (like this but having a hard time figuring out exactly who was holding who hostage. I was too young at the time to know what was going on. In any case, you're talking about a time when the GOP hadn't gone completely batshit crazy yet, and I just disagreed with them respectfully instead of believing them t"	6
"Thanks - my first thought from the headline was that this was about state vs. federal court. Though, I won't be surprised, if they find the guy was acting in-coordination with an 'organized enemy of the state' (Al Qaeda), that they will try him in a non-civilian court. THe laws exist to do so, regardless of his citizenship."	6
You should push for that on the state level. There's probably a bill already in progress for your state. The citizens of a state have much more control over the their state legislation than they do on a federal level. Health care really shouldn't be a Federal issue anyways. Examples: http://www.healthcare4allpa.org/ http://vermontforsinglepayer.org/	6
I've heard of a 4 year rule that makes sense to me. Basically an 18 year old could date a 14 year old but a 20 year old could only date a 16 year old. Even if we were more conservative and made it a 2-3 floating age difference I think it would much more reasonable then having a girlfriend at 17 and then having to wait two years to be together just because you t	6
"You might want to check the current state of tech with batteries used in conjunction with grids. They've been in use within grids for decades, and never have they been anything but something to provide power for a matter of seconds or minutes, not several hours or days. Even the largest battery bank in the world can only provide power for the region it's used"	6
"Fun fact I learned about Godaddy. If you create a namesever record and another person (with a different domain) adds your namesever for their domain, you can't delete the nameserver record as long at the other domain is listing it. After spending an hour on the phone trying to explain to Godaddy why this was a problem for me I said fuck it and started moving"	6
"Uhh... fuck! ""Sec. 7. This order is not intended to, and does not, create any right or benefit, substantive or procedural, enforceable at law or in equity by any party against the United States, its departments, agencies, instrumentalities, or entities, its officers or employees, or any other person."""	6
"If you want to know why this prop is on the ballet read this http://www.sfgate.com/cgi-bin/blogs/inmarin/detail?&amp;entry_id=63140 >On Friday, May 7, 2010 Marin County made history as the very place in the nation to provide community aggregate energy for its residents as an alternative to a public utility energy provider."	6
"Not the biggest Romney fan, but I respect this for sure. They didn't even advertise this act of charity at all, and I'm sure Mitt could've used a little bit of positive publicity around that time. I think this is especially commendable, because so many politicians come out of elections with solid chunks of change left over in their campaign ""war chest"", and j"	6
"> If you follow the link, a full explanation is there. If you've read the conversation, you'll see that mrplow8 showed why the argument was ad hominem, and thus that all statements that were part of that argument were actually directed at him (an irrelevant subject) and not at his position (the relevant subject). Irrelevant arguments, once shown to be irrelev"	6
"This is a decent theory in fact...but one of the pitfalls could be that only the ""rich"" would be able to run/win due to personal financing of their campaigns. We would have an issue with candidates spending personal funds to out-campaign the competition. This could be a slippery-slope. I would maybe put a cap on the public financing."	6
"In the Middle East, showing the bottom of your foot or shoe, let alone throwing it at someone, is a grievous insult. The journalist that did this was beaten and taken away within seconds and held in prison for awhile. He probably thought he was going to die but also thought it was worth it. Anyway, Dubya dodged that shoe like a boss, have to admit."	6
"As he has repeatedly said, he does not support the gold standard or any standard set by the government. He supports letting the free market work out it's own standard. I don't know if this is a good idea or not. For Paul's part, he does give examples in his debates of times in history when the free market was allowed to set it's own standard and things worke"	6
"So, I was a bit antagonistic with you because I have a recollection of someone with your username making some questionable statements. However, after looking back through your posts, I see that you're well spoken and an atheist. That's good enough for me! I apologize for my antagonism. I have adjusted my moderation accordingly."	6
"That argument may apply in this case (though I found a post where /u/four20_JDM claims to be 19, so they clearly still have some growing up to do) but there are tons of people working 2-3 jobs and still struggling to make ends meet. We need to make sure we're not throwing them out with the bath water, so to speak."	6
"I'd prefer that we just use the savings from a cheaper healthcare system to fund government run research. It would be nice if my government was researching the drugs that the world needs the most, rather than pharmaceutical companies that worry about profit over ethics. And yes I know our government *does* fund medical research, I just think our profit based mo"	6
"I believe you that you never saw that stuff first-hand and the image presented in the media was probably a bit misleading (although there were some pretty scary signs showing up at some of the rallies). Still, I have to wonder (as many have done) where all that anger was coming from given the ballooning debt prior to Obama. In other words, why now? Why this pre"	6
So if I want to print a flier saying that a local school district referendum (say mandating prayer in school) is bad the government should outlaw that? I just want to understand your views. What if a politician has a bill slashing local school funding 75% should it be illegal for a group of parents to band together and buy a tv add against that?	6
"I have an interesting thought. Rand can only be proven right, but could never be proven wrong. She could be proven right when an ideal is discovered - but you can never discover an anti-ideal. Still, I don't look at ideals that way. I think there is an ideal for every individual. To say that each man had the same ideal would mean that each man is the s"	6
The problem here isn't the ranger but their bosses. If it takes as many people to run a site as to prevent people from accessing it logic would dictate to leave it open as it would cost the same. If it costs less to close it and you need rangers to secure it then it makes sense to close it. I'm not sure what the case is here though.	6
"I once heard that male is dominant in professional cooking due to the harshness of the job itself. Cooking job is comparable to jobs like laying bricks or manual farming. The physical requirement makes it more compatible to men rather than women. But, all of that was said by a male chef, so it might be biased."	6
"Even better link: http://www.sciencedaily.com/releases/2009/12/091230184221.htm >Most of the carbon dioxide emitted by human activity does not remain in the atmosphere That's true, but misleading. About 55% of anthropogenic CO2 is absorbed by oceans and terrestrial ecosystems and 45% ends up in the atmosphere."	6
"There's a semi-valid reason for this. People sometimes forward advocacy emails to friends who then click the unsubscribe link at the bottom. When they do this, it's not the person who received the email second hand who gets unsubscribed, it's the original recipient, and without their knowledge. This can seriously screw things up."	6
"Not all states count write-ins who didn't register ahead of time. Remember that story about Obama and McCain both missing the deadline to register for the ballot in Texas? It was mentioned they had also missed the deadline to be accepted as write-ins. By the way, does anyone know the status of that suit? Or the suit that claims Obama isn't a natural born citiz"	6
"Well, that's true, and I see where you're coming from. But if we can't respect the delivery of the message, and we can't respect the message itself...is there any room for respect at all? As unfortunate as it is, these people represent somewhere around half the population. If we can't figure out some way to interact with them politely, where does that leave us?"	6
"Having institutional charities smooths these random jitters. If a church makes food available, the donations don't come in to benefit a particular hungry person, and so don't depend on how sympathetic the person in need is. I don't have data, but I would guess that (outside of intra-family giving) more charitable giving is done through organizations than throug"	6
"I'm not at all agreeing with creating new (higher) tax brackets, but there are a few people who do make more than a billion dollars a year. For example, here are the highest paid hedge fund managers from a few years ago (I didn't search too hard, but I'm sure there are updated lists for the past couple years that show the same): http://www.ritholtz.com/blog/2"	6
"Word. I enjoyed my time and have nothing truly negative to say about being in a union. I don't really understand why so many people look at them as a bad word. I do think that in some ways the unions could have been smarter in how inflexible they were and been more diligent in fighting corruption in their ranks, but IMO the good they provide outweigh the ba"	6
"It's not so much about being lazy about it. Even though the original Kanellos has died, the new one still retains that nickname in honor of the original (even though his name is technically Louk), and you could make a case that Kanellos is his last name, since it's suspected that his dad was Kanellos ;). Wikipedia has a page on the two of them."	6
"I have a permit to carry a concealed weapon in Michigan and we were taught to do everything we can to avoid conflict while carrying. I can't imagine making any of the decisions Zimmerman did that night. I agree that there probably wasn't evidence to convict him of 2nd degree murder, but I have serious misgivings about his intent and judgement that night."	6
I agree with you. I'm just giving a rationale that I have heard. A business owner with trained employees is going to be able to keep a captive employee base if those employees aren't likely to leave due to health reasons. Or they aren't likely to leave and start a company that does a similar thing. You stay where you are because that's the only way to stay heal	6
"I would say that I was able to legally and correctly apply as a person with zero income while actually being a middle class person. On paper I was dirt poor, however in practice I had the resources of two high wage earners behind me. In fact I had purposefully arranged my work and financial situations to show up as dirt poor on paper in order to obtain the gr"	6
"The information claims it would be paid for by a variety of taxes (that are still less than our standard health care costs)...but I wonder if it takes into account the hundreds of billions we spend for Medicare subsidies paid to hospitals, insurance companies, and doctors that could be completely eliminated."	6
"The Impact of Anti-Black Racism on Approval of Barack Obama‚Äôs Job Performance and on Voting in the 2012 Presidential Election (pdf) And again, how do you feel about racial profiling? Has it ever occurred to you that it is literally judging someone by the color of their skin and not the content of their character?"	6
"I'm not saying he gave $31B maliciously, but I think it should be noted that he still has $50 billion. I don't think he's a bad person (certainly not), but I thought I should point out that that particular charity is largely irrelevant to our economy, and I thought I should add that he *could* expect some sort of gain (not necessarily monetary) from giving it."	6
"Oh, try reading The Week. It's a really good magazine that takes articles and opinions from all over the political spectrum when discussing a story. They've got politics, science, business. Something like 50 bucks for a year's subscription. If you're looking for something to read on the can this is it."	6
"Fun fact, when I was younger I saw the gov give an interview on tv where he mentioned having a republican lt. Governor and generally being a pragmatic moderate. I was so impressed I decided to write him an email, and wouldn't you know it got published in some Helena newspaper! I only knew because I Googled myself one day and the article popped up!"	6
"Whether or not it's a choice, one could make that argument. If homosexuality is a genetically predetermined inclination, then why aren't all varieties of sexual inclination? There are obviously plenty of reasons for a society to accept homosexuality without accepting *all* types of sexuality, but the choice/no-choice distinction is irrelevant for separating th"	6
"Thank you for writing this out. I've been following the NDAA controversy pretty closely, and it's become apparent to me that most people don't really seem to comprehend the full extent of the issue here. It's not a black and white situation, and viewing it that way is a gross oversimplification of the laws at play."	6
"There is equally limited evidence that it will only be as bad as the predictions. So: it could be better, it could be worse - what we have is a best guess of experts. So **the-empty-suit-files** give us your qualifications and expertise and enlighten us with the limited evidence available. I really am listening."	6
Please take 15 minutes to watch the video I singled out above: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c3jnFtSElH4 and let me know if you still feel the same way. Genuinely interested. You really don't need to watch it. Just let the audio play in the background while you peruse whatever it is you are perusing.	5
"Interesting thought, but wouldn't this ultimately hurt the ""red"" states. My impression is that aside from Texas, the Carolinas, and a few other states, that seceding form the union would hurt their coffers. From what I have red, the bible belt takes in much more in federal aid than it contributes, so secession would not be in the interest of it's poorest citi"	5
"I am not a web developer, or anything along those lines, so this is just a guess, but looking at the url: > http://hosted.ap.org/dynamic/stories/U/US_SCI_HAPPY_POLITICS the .../dynamic/... stands out. It looks to me like you are linking to a page that changes. Somewhere on the site there is a static page that was linked to the page that you linked, temporaril"	5
"Perhaps I should have but a ;-) on that... I have no idea what I'd do in that position, and neither do you. It's so far from anything we are likely to experience. Personally, I'm disappointed it wasn't more towards the same kind of health care of the rest of the developed world, but I can accept it might be the best possible in the US right now baring in mind t"	5
"I wouldn't go quite as far, as I agree with Stewart when he says that religion can play a good role in people's lives. And I think it does, even if it does not in mine. I am not against religion, instead I am against a lack of skepticism and critical thinking. One can believe in a higher power and still be skeptical and critical of things said by their religi"	5
"Call me crazy, but does anyone think it's plausible that he only did because he was promised a potential cabinet position, much like Hillary's capitulation last election? He seems like the kind of guy that would do that being that it was obvious he wasn't going to be the Republican nominee weeks ago."	5
"It does make me wonder how they handled making the Tec-9 illegal. I assume that they allowed people to keep the ones that they already had so I wonder if there was a huge spike in sales. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/TEC-9 Well I'll be damned, it drove the manufacturer of the TEC-9 out of business so maybe you are right."	5
"Hi wewewawa. Thank you for participating in /r/Politics. However, your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): * Off-Topic: All submissions to /r/politics need to be explicitly about **current US politics**. If you have any questions about this removal, please feel free to message the moderators.)"	5
"I run an eBay business. I ship an average of 5 items/day, and pay less than $2 postage on most of them. UPS ground, they're cheapest option, from NY to Florida would cost near $10 for a 6 ounce item (for an approximation, this is pretty normal for a PS2 or XBOX game in case with manual) - the post office costs $2.46."	5
"You know, that's a good question. I guess the only way to know is consulting Wikipedia. I'm still surprised that, as unpopular as Obama is getting to be, they are not even considering an option. I think they are going to get completely trashed by the Republicans. Let's just hope their candidate is Ron Paul."	5
">I propose a simple rule: ""In order for a university to be eligible to receive funding from Federal student loans, Pell grants, GI Bill or Federal research funding, they may not increase their tuition and fees by more than CPI + 1% per year."" This is actually a fantastic idea. Yes, it may decrease supply, but that is actually a good thing I think."	5
The idea has been bouncing around a long time although it never has had remotely enough popular support to come to fruition. But on the right this is a major thing: http://www.huffingtonpost.com/ryan-costello/senate-considers-iraqstyl_b_3071120.html http://mediamatters.org/research/2012/02/29/john-boltons-default-setting-when-in-doubt-bomb/186567	5
"> He said Thew had a longstanding dispute with Greater Manchester police over the death of his son three years ago and repeated stop-and-search procedures. He said the wearing of the T-shirt was not in response to the deaths of the two police officers, but was related to another case. He said he was already wearing the T-shirt when he heard the news."	5
"In FL liquor has to be sold at stores dedicated solely to the sale of alcohol. However, beer can be sold at supermarkets and gas stations etc. I'm not sure what the alcohol-proof cutoff is though. It's not like in other states where the gov't runs all the liquor stores though. There are PLENTY of private liquor stores."	5
"I can't figure out why the union soldier is weeping. I mean, I understand that the judge is weeping in shame or something and is shown to be standing by Jesus's left hand (our right) which I guess makes him evil symbolically, but why is the union soldier upset? He's even on the right side of Jesus in this pic."	5
"I understand you think that kind of language poloraizes the issue and make meaningful discussion more difficult. But if you can't say people are lying when they have been proven to be so, then you begin the conversation from a point where people can lie with no consequence. That's no better a position to start from."	5
"From the Youtube video, ""The Post reports that Ryan made the unscheduled stop after an event at Youngstown State University, and was there for about 15 minutes. But though the pictures taken shows Ryan apparently doing dishes, the food had already been served and everything had already been cleaned before he got there."""	5
"Interestingly I've heard of Vipassana meditation occuring in some of the US prisons and I know they started doing it out in Indian prisons a while back. I think there may have been one in the UK but it stopped. Out of everything, this is one technique that does seem to be beneficial to a lot of the inmates."	5
"Wasn't it more that they turned a blind eye to massive amounts of the stuff coming through in exchange for promises that the offenders play nice and uphold American Values in their own countries? (i.e. shoot commies.) EDIT: This is an actual question. I've forgotten the story and I can't be arsed to look it up. 2nd EDIT: Dammit, the next post down answers my"	5
"I got these on wikipedia. Don L. Penrod (2010). ""Edwin Rushton as the Source of the White Horse Prophecy"". BYU Studies 49 (3): 75‚Äì131. ""Church Statement on 'White Horse Prophecy' and Political Neutrality"", Public Affairs Department, LDS Church, January 6, 2010. McConkie, Bruce R. (1966). Mormon Doctrine (2nd ed.). Bookcraft. p. 835."	5
"The issue with ""life begins at conception"" is that *we don't really know* when egg and sperm have conceived until roughly 2-3 weeks later, at the minimum. Also, there are so many gradations for that ""in-between"" stage from conception to viability. It might best to think of such life differently from a legal standpoint."	5
"Can someone actually explain to me where Obama is tied to this action? I see the shadiness by the CIA, is that at Obama's behest? Where is that info coming from? This is not sarcasm, I just read through the Atlantic article, and then the Times article, and I don't see where Obama is linked to the activities undertaken by the CIA to suppress the report or to"	5
"Wait so they take out SS from ur check your whole life, then they tax the SS check when u retire which is now roughly only 75% of what you should be getting? Did i get that right or am i misunderstanding? EDIT: Then throw in inflation and you have the the problem you have now (only worse). 90% of people i talk to on SS can barely live on it because costs are"	5
"It's like flag burning, I think you're a douchebag if you burn a flag in disrespect, but I respect your right to do it, and appreciate the irony in burning the very symbol of the freedom that allows them to do it in the first place. And as scummy and douchey the people who protest funerals, organized protest is protected by the First Amendment."	5
"My only point was that it's ok to support people that don't agree with on every issue and as a gay person I don't expect every company in America to hold gay marriage as their number one issue. Their first priority is to make a profit, not champion civil rights. Although it's great when they do both."	4
"This reminds me of the time we learned to make gun cotton, (a simple high explosive,) in advanced chemistry class. We ended up making a large explosive device with it, taking it out behind the school, and creating a basketball-sized crater. The repercussions? Everyone involved got an A on the project. Edit: FYI, this was back in '99, only a few weeks aft"	4
"That's a fair point. In a vehicle fire a victim's body will mostly survive. The fires don't tent to burn hot/long enough to turn a body to ash. Internal organs and some useful information likely would have survived for autopsy. (As a side note, I don't actually know if they did an autopsy to check for chemical traces in his system like drugs/alcohol)."	4
"> where...how... I got my info from the GAO report itself. Though technically 56 billion is still outstanding even if it is on track to be payed back. I think, but am not sure, that the money for these loans came from their cash reserves and went back there, with the extra going to overhead and any excess profit being sent to the treasury."	4
"Just a thought... not saying i believe it to be true, but what if... just what if... someone in power was trying to get people used to seeing shit like this on an everyday basis as ""normal"" and ""good"". Under such circumstances, it would be the ideal preparation for a declaration of Martial law and the full use of the military to seize unconditional power over a"	4
"Well sure she could make a great fit, I like it. And I could totally believe/luv2c/watch, H Jackman as Remo; that's a real good call, now that you say it out loud, who else *could* it be. Edit: Well now that I think about that Ventura could probably play a pretty good, darker grizzled older and bitter re-imagining of remo, we were doing a gritty reboot."	4
"I'm leaving for my journy now friend, we will have to continue the discussion at a later point.. feel free to private message me as it may be some time before I am back online. I hope I could provide some insight and thank you for having an open mind (A rarity on Reddit for as much as it is touted). edit: Last question was answered below this comment."	3