You really really need to re-read your source and educate yourself. I seriously question your reading comprehension skills. If the words don't make sense to you (it's alright there are some big ones in there) perhaps you should google FRED. There the FED provides the economic numbers in question in easy to interpret graphical format.	15
"LOL. Because there are ""liberals"" somewhere in the electorate who say stupid shit, you think this is equivalent to mainstream elected representatives that are even more batshit insane going off? How are those terror babies going? What about the FEMA camps? Repeal the 14th? Jesus H. Fucking Christ! Look to your own ""brethren"" and sort them out before you try to"	15
"Women VOTE. And that's what will win this war on reproductive rights that have been in place since the 60's They are smarter than any man will ever be, and when these Tea-Publi-KKK-ans, and Evangelical 'Christians' want to tell women what to do with their OWN bodies,..."" the shit shalt hittith the fan."" ~Doxydad1:1-3"	15
"Funny, you can't grasp the point. Both are stupid absolute ignorant statements. What's funny is that they ""Literally hate"" as opposed to what figuratively, philosophically? Moreover, to harbor that much hatred for someone they have never been able to get to know makes a negative statement about them. Such anger, over what? They likely don't understand the iss"	15
"> Having a personal moral justification for breaking the law doesn't make you immune from the consequences Just like MLK Jr. and other famous Civil Rights leaders deserved to be imprisoned, right? Or does your logic only follow when you're attempting to counter the societal counter-culture, as per usual on Reddit?"	15
"Sadly in Florida these sacks of shit with ebt cards eat better then me.. I see the stuff they buy that I can't afford(lobster as long as it isn't precooked. Steaks and shit me and my wife consider a treat. I call them sacks of shit because here in Florida they will literally hold ""meeting"" and talk about ways to take advantage of the system."	15
"TIL defeating the Evil Empire and rescuing humanity from the brink of thermonuclear annihilation makes you a shitty president. O, I see. This joker is a marxist, so he thought the militaristic expansion of international communism was a good plan. Someone tell the North Koreans how lucky they are that capitalism didn't destroy their society like South Korea"	15
">$150B every year If you want to scare ignorant voters into supporting gibberish like the prevention of climate change, then you should make up a much larger figure than chump change like ""$150B every year."" The U.S. GDP is like $18 trillion, for fuck's sake. Then again, who am I to tell the government how to run a propaganda campaign?"	15
Do you guys seriously need some sort of bizarre conspiracy fantasy as an excuse to fight against the US government? They seem to be doing a pretty terrible job at plenty of entirely obvious and not at all secret things already. If you really want to change your country for the better and not just fetishise conspiracies maybe you should go and whine about somet	15
"PLuueeeze, the unions say jump and demwits just say how high? the rest of America doesn't care about demwit self serving interests ( Get a clue the last elections). that the pilot union doesn't want pilots to be searched is too bad, maybe they should get other jobs? SEARCH ALL PILOTS!!!!! see ya cupcake!!!"	15
"Wow, you have one huge axe to grind. You can pick and choose insane quotes from every religion. All religions have extremist. That column was written by some fuckhead who should be investigated by the Secret Service. You also need to realize that not every Jew even likes Israel. Hell, some are militantly against it. tl;dr fuck off, sorry that you're butthurt"	15
Ha. I've never seen the tea party calling for lynching. And neither have you. But I did see this...uh...that would be considerably left of the tea party. http://www.thebigfeedblog.com/2011/02/left-and-civil-discourse.html And the examples go on and on. But you're not really interested in learning about them...are you?	15
"That is utter bull. There was absolutely compromise. There is no single-payer system. The PPACA sets up exchanges that plenty of the republicans wanted years ago. There is no other way to slice PPACA. It is middle of the road legislation. Anyone who thinks it is not, either has another agenda other than passing healthcare legislation, or is a radical on eith"	15
"I get the feeling the GOP front-runners are playing a game of ""Who can be most unelectable candidate and still pretend to be seriously running for President."" Giuliani's mistress gets secret service protection. Romney's a fascist and *proud* to say it. Huckabee never meet a dollar he didn't stuff in his back pocket, but he wants you to know that Jesus says he"	15
"Well, we already know you're an idiot, so your judgment of temperament is not reliable nor is your ability to deduce anything that has any grounding in reality. You're the one who clearly doesn't know what a scam is. Despite all of this, you didn't even bother refuting even ONE of the arguments I made in the previous comment. You simply asked a bunch rhetorical"	15
"Yes, I stopped reading when you said they should be focusing on drug X instead of your preferred drug Y. Looks like you've since edited the text, but I still disagree with the original statement. I absolutely disagree with the drug war, so I do agree we should abolish it. HOWEVER, they what they are doing is in keeping with current legislation."	15
"Viability at 23 weeks is less than 20%. True viability does not occur until 26 to 27 weeks. But then, that's science, and when I google the things you've said, I find no scientific proof ANYWHERE, but a good deal of religious pro life pamphlets spewing the same lies. Go home and leave my wife alone, you fucking lying troll."	15
"Agreed - the title of this piece is rage-inducing to me. There's absolutely no way that fucker Zimmerman can claim defense under stand-your-ground laws, and if he can then the laws are broken in Florida. The laws have nothing to do with chasing an unarmed kid down the street then shooting holes in them."	15
Did you read it? Did you ever personally go through the process? Here's how you get off the no fly list.. Gawsh that's so hard.... http://www.dhs.gov/dhs-trip Edit: The fact you didn't even know the process or proper agency to contact yet get upvoted where I get downvoted for knowing it speaks volumes on this fucking site. I seriously don't know why I ev	15
"Exactly. Before this piece of excrement gets downvoted to oblivion, let's reflect fully that Republicans have been in charge of this country **for years.** Everything they touch seems to turn to complete shit: Iraq, Katrina, Guantanamo Bay, WMDs, firing prosecutors, stealing elections, ant-gay legislation from gay sex soliciting Republican senators....and now"	15
"1. BS Chemistry, halfway through PhD 2. Took macroecon in college and I stay up-to-date with current events 3. what does macroeconomics have to do with the discussion? You clearly can't argue with the raw data I posted, so instead you assume I'm some tea bagger that listens to Rush Limbaugh. I doubt you even have a passing association with a functioning brain."	15
"At last the sham-campaign becomes crystal clear. Ron Paul is another in a long line of white, male, Christian Conservative Republicans from Texas, exactly like any of the others. Bush the third. Anybody who supports Wrong Paul at this point is qualified to apply for disability, because they *are* mentally retarded."	15
"Am I the only person annoyed by this? Akin is scum and he deserves to be called out for his reprehensible position, but that ""legitimate rape,"" phrase isn't the thing he should be criticized for. It's so obvious that he meant ""actual rape"" not ""acceptable rape"" but everyone pretends it's the latter. It just bugs me when people go after the right target but"	15
READ THE RULES IT IS NOT EDITORIALIZED WHEN IT ACCURATELY PORTRAYS THE CONTENT OF THE STORY MORONIC MOORE LOVER Plus Reddit tells you to editorialize. You are submitting a link. The key to a successful submission is interesting content and a descriptive title. Reddit = Censorship of Conservative thinking at its best. So much for their belief in protecting fr	15
"kiss my ass, apologist for shit. I've been there and never want to return. It reeks of 18th century vileness, and I don't care what you think about it. You're partisan and butthurt that your community belongs in the middle ages. Sorry, but my freedom of thought trumps the fact that you live in a cage."	15
"History never repeats itself and powerful people are always looking out for the common man. Thanks for clearing up geo-politics. Maybe I'll go put on a 'tin foil hat' or 'take my meds' and then talk about 'lizard people'. I provided perfectly legitimate historical examples for my beliefs, all you did was call me a name and tell me I'm crazy. Good Job!"	15
"That has to be the most hilariously (and disturbingly) ass-backward Evangelical viewpoint. So God is all-seeing and all-knowing and such, but he can basically be duped into starting armegeddon early? Or is it that we're supposed to show that we're really super serious about joining him in heaven by completely destroying the earth?"	15
"That's bullshit. It is *not* reasonable at all to vote against something you haven't had a chance to read, nor is it reasonable to vote for a law you haven't read. An uninformed vote is a wrong vote, no matter whether its for or against. Just read the damn law already, it's your job and thatrs what you were elected for."	15
"NO! You see, **those** give large pharmaceutical corporations money! Marijuana is a recreational hallucinogen! That **doesnt** give corporations money! They must be put away for as long as possible if they are caught doing something that harms no other people! (unless they are rich, the rich can drive drunk, and rape their own children and get away with no jail"	15
They are born on third base and think they hit a triple. They just don't get that they have opportunities and luxuries normal people do not have. Like when Romney said you can borrow money from your parents to go to college. Fucking asshole.....my parents were borrowing from me when I was in college.	15
"I never said I'm a republican. Heck I'm not even a American (thank goodness). I laugh at the ultra left wing here (FYI, Obama's politics are more right wing than the most right wing party here). The left wing here saw him as the big black magic negro that would safe us all. I smile all day now at your misfortune. America: Shit tier."	15
"uh...they buy votes by promising to steal from the producers of this country and give it to the people who produce nothing? which is redistribution, which his socialism. wtf kind of stupid question is that? pretty amazing...the mindjob these people have done to so many of you. can't see the forest for the trees."	15
"either admit the war on drugs was a waste of money or use the same tactics to persecute the criminals on wall street. how's it go again? talk to the little fish, harass em. then find out where the big fish sleep so you can take em out in a big, public sting. apparently our government lost its appetite for criminal prosecution, convenient timing, no?..."	15
"Sorry, I don't vote for criminal political parties run by outright war criminals and torturers. That means I won't vote for Democrats or Republicans. > ""I'd rather vote for something I want and not get it, than vote for something I don't want and get it."" -- Eugene Debs, the socialist presidential candidate who received 6% of the votes for president while sitt"	15
Can you name a single congress person who has voted against their party over the last 10 years more than Paul? Can you name a single congressmen who has voted against their party throughout their career more than Paul over the last 20 years? I bet you can't. Perhaps you should go back to arguing over evolution or something which is a little harder to shoot yo	15
"This rotten human mime would denounce breathing if PBO supported it. Fact is, Internet neutrality is imperative if we are to keep the medium free of manipulative chicanery and it is far too important to reward corruptive ISPs with its control. This one folks is big. I am taking names of those in Congress who are willing to cave and hand our priceless marvel for"	15
"Go ahead and show them. Show me the examples where competition doesn't exist as a result of the free market, and not because some dickhead lobbyist influenced legislation somehow to stifle it. You can't. It's people like YOU who are thick. I am blatantly inviting you to show me an example where the free market produced a monopoly that was immune to competit"	15
"So you're telling me that when Paul screamed to everyone about wanting to know if drones were permitted on our soil, while not one Democrat gave a flying fuck, he's the one that we have to worry about? Man you people are so delusional, and manipulated, I'm surprised you haven't died from internal bleeding from having your head shoved so far up your ass."	15
"I've been wondering this for a while now. Why aren't they just shoving pounds of C4 up their ass. It seems like an obvious move to me. They wouldn't even need a make-shift fuse. They'd just need to shove that up their ass also. I'm no terrorist, but I were, I'd spend weeks planning by practicing shoving things up my ass. --- Just think of how much dam"	15
"I dont like Rush Limbaugh &amp; Fox News because they are right wing whacko nutjobs, and on the other side of the coin I seen some leftist liberal trash that shown plainly they have their own brand of whacko ideas too... one thing is for certain there is a lack of common sense in the USA, and that makes me not proud to be an American anymore..."	15
"I'm a friend of G_D. You are an enemy of Israel and a useful idiot for Amalek-- the violent, hateful arabs! Perhaps skinheads should be allowed to have celebrations on the grounds of Auschwitz? They would love to dance on Jewish bones. Perhaps they will dance on ours! Now I have better things to do than argue with a naive pup."	15
"Oh fucking christ, are you serious? You are doing the same very fucking thing the Republicans are doing, only with the leftist escapes, i.e. healthcare and other bullshit like gay marriage. He's a warmongering, murderer, but HEY GUYS IT OKAY, BECAUSE HE GIVES US ALL FREE HEALTH CARE AND FREE EDUCATION AND FREE STUFF FOR US!!!!!!!!!!!!!"	15
I'm a republican and I do not support Zimmerman. He is obviously a racist who was fixated with black people. As a black person who grew up with racism all of his life I hope he burns for it....slowly. I fail to see what this has to do with a son Obama never had. Notice Obama had nothing to say about this until weeks later.	15
"What are you doing *now?* Are you a republican? Are you listening to the idiot box? Are you rejecting reason and science? Are you buying plasma TVs and nurturing your nest egg? Are you complaining about how poor people cause all the world's problems? If so, you are a worthless goddamn shit who betrayed his ideals."	15
"You do know that the republicans are the ones who ran up the debt right? Bush started two unfunded wars and spent money like the world was going to end, he also created some of the biggest government departments in history but, now it's the Democrats to blame? It's to bad that all you teabaggers can't pull your heads out of their asses and see the light of da"	15
"Hmmm... kind of like I have to pay for welfare, fat people to get free quadruple bypasses, student fees at university when all I did was go to class, child-care services at my work, and Catholic schools? This guys needs to grow the fuck up. There are tons of things you have to pay for with your taxes that you don't like. So, vote for someone else or MOVE."	15
"Hrm, let's look at the post history of /u/BabyJesusClaus - > 1 link karma >-27 comment karma >... **redditor for 5 hours** ...and whining about *downvote brigades*. Methinks someone is a returning troll or yet another alt for the typical shills. As I stated before, deception is the stock &amp; trade for the anti-gun movement."	15
"We directly facilitated a violent overthrow of the Libyan government. Are you really going to claim that, because we didn't actually put boots on the ground, it doesn't count as war? So as long as it's just drones and bombs, it doesn't count as starting a war? It doesn't matter how many civilians we kill or what our end goal is? Wow, you guys really drank t"	15
">No, just a freedom loving American who believes a man should be able to start his own business and run it as he pleases (within the limits of the law) if the people he pays to do a job don't like it, they can fucking leave or start their own business. Can they form unions if they want or are you going to prevent them from exercising their right to free assemb"	15
"Nobama has not come clean on a lot, his college, his real birth place, his college student foreign aid, his religion, his claims in his books, his taxes before 2000, his law license, etc,etc... I would rather have a President who makes money, than a person who only knows how to spend, Nobama could blow up an onion sack... VOTE NEW IN NOvember !! #$%$ OR MORMON"	15
"Oh, I'm sorry, I didn't realize the rhetorical question had become a passe form of communication. I'll never ever make that mistake again mom. Finally, ""I'm to lazy to parse my way through the constitution and find if something i should *edit: have learned in grade school"" is what? a toxic part of america's education entitlement culture? willfull ignorance? Ha"	15
"And that's worse than ""go fuck yourself,"" how? Don't sling mud if you don't want shit rubbed in your face. At least I have evidence for all claims prior to that one, which I'll admit, was a bit of a jab at your person. But, if you don't consider it equal it's pretty obvious what sort of horse you like to ride around on, spewing whatever drivel you see fit in th"	15
I honestly believe that NASA needs to be gutted and the OBVIOUS waste and redundancy eliminated. How fucking little this area has produced for BILLIONS of dollars is astonishing. This is not the 60s and Kennedy is not our president and now we have no returnable manned space craft with nothing working. Fucking remarkable.	15
"Jesus, what an entitled asshole. Your company is already subsidizing your health insurance costs allowing you to purchase a policy you probably couldn't afford if you had to take responsibility for your own health insurance costs out of pocket and you're passing your savings on to those of us who actually buy these products in the free market. How much more sav"	15
"Clinton repealed the glass-steagall act which allowed the creation of all these BS derivatives which are the REASON the economy is collapsing. There are 1.4 QUADRILLION dollars in derivatives. When they come crashing down, and they will, there is no 'bailout' that will save us. Clinton is a lying Globalist pig just Like Bush and Obama."	15
"Both sides are bad, eh? Let me guess...So vote regressive? There is no comparison between the level of complete and utter bullshit coming from the right wing politicians, their phaux news spin machine and their voting base, and the progressives. If you don't see that then you have already become a victim of your own confirmation bias and the right wing cult o"	15
"nononono. look at the birth certificate. its all typed out with digital, not printed, letters. back then, it would have been a shitty piece of carbon paper, hammered out by a type writer, and probably some penned signatures..perhaps and ink stamp. this is an obvious fake, and you're an obvious fool."	15
"You know, for ""liberals"", you sure are as rotten and selfish as the people who started the war. I thought reddit was a place for open-minded people, but you're just a bunch of anti-republican Obama-worshipping partisans. You don't CARE about Iraqis or Afghans...all you care about is ANTAGONZING the party that started the war. Pathetic. P.S. I'm about as lib"	14
"How wonderful. Now just give it another year before the supreme court Hobby Lobbies it. Religious activists will demand exemptions for ""religious counselors"" to provide ""spiritual counseling"" to children of homophobic parents. That's probably the most cynical thing I've ever posted to Reddit, and yet I would not be surprised at all if it came to pass."	14
"Tragedy? Are you kidding me? The first 90% of your statement is all true, but his passing is hardly a tragedy. Look how he reacted to Ted Kennedy's death... the people he had fired by doctoring videos... the hateful crap he posted every single day. It isn't a tragedy, it is one less prick on the Internet."	14
"If you're refering to the Wrangler (Same engine 'n all) you realize it's a fucking wall right? It's not about the engine, it's about the aerodynamics primarily. My 93 Wrangler gets 17 and it's the I6. The I4 would get worse in most cases, since it had to work harder than a I6 did by far to maintain highway speed. Stop acting like you know about vehicles when yo"	14
"Came here to say this. Rand Paul is one of the most dangerous ""if ur black stay back, if your brown stay down, if you white u all right"" super libertarians in congress. This grandstanding attention whoring is just a deflection tactic to divert attention from the true issue that he is a friend of the ""gather all wealth, forget all but self"" Koch extremists"	14
"""The American people spoke at the ballot box."" ... I didn't know that we voted on the health care bill this last election. Oh! I wanna play this game of making shit up. ""The 2010 election clearly showed that American's want republicans to never run for office. Clearly all members of the GOP are not listening to the American people."""	14
"Then get off your ass and work! Stop looking for problems, and just do something. Then such things will go away because your antagonists can't bother you. You would have raised yourself so far above anything they could say or do that you wont even notice it anymore. ...wait that sounds like Morgan Freeman."	14
"Freedom in a libertarian system extends only as far as not infringing on the freedoms of others. Your example is textbook. It's also completely irrelevant to everything I said, and you obviously don't believe that if Ron Paul was elected then people could build fences around the houses of others and charge them to exit so conclusion is that you are a troll and"	14
"You say that amidst a flood of pro-Rand Paul comments that all appeared in this thread about the same time...you realize that, right? Conservatives and liberals both brigade this sub. Just look at ANY comment thread about guns in this subreddit for proof of conservative brigading. Let's be honest and put the ""r politics eez stupid libz"" myth to bed already."	14
"I'm not disagreeing with the fact that the guy is a terrible, terrible human being. But this is over the line. You know what, fuck it. You guys have already whipped yourselves up into a Righteous Fury. Have your fun, but don't be surprised at the continued decline of the subreddit and the site in general."	14
"You know which one you made. I'm not going to bother to drag it here for you to dismiss, just like you do with evidence you don't like. Most people laugh if I make a joke about potatoes talking. I guess you aren't much for jokes? And assault or obliquely threatening assault is a clear indication that one has lost the argument."	14
This is what national decline looks like. *Your* tax dollars going to pay for treats to entice even more public monies into a private hands who sell an education *product* rather than education. The mind reels at the neoliberal idiocy we're embarking on as a nation. Fast food education complete with the motherfucking happy meal.	14
"I love how Conservatives are all for promoting life. Instead of having an abortion, conceive the child and give it up for adoption... But yet they scream about how Govt's responsibility is not to give handouts or support said welfare cases. And in that same breath, innocent victims of war are simply casualties of war."	14
"You should probably look up the definition of genocide and stop yelling and maybe move out of your parents' basement. Additionally, Israel delivers all aid to Palestine as long as you don't try and break a military blockade like a fucking moron. In fact, most of Palestine's food and power and water come from Israel."	14
"Bush fucked it up SO BAD, that no evidence against any gitmo inmate could ever be admitted in trial, because so much of it resulted from torture. The same damn reason the FBI never got a successful conviction against a member of the Weather Underground, all their evidence was the result of illegal wiretapping."	14
Never said I was independent but considering your views on this I'm confident reading isn't your strong point. I'm very liberal and this disgusts me. I'm one of those snobby one's that expects the party I generally support to behave in a mature fashion though. There's numerous things they could be attacking Romney on but aren't.	14
"The only way to support businesses having the right to do that and *not* be racist is if you slept through half of your history classes. If you can envision a situation where a certain ethnic group is being categorically shit on, and see it as anything other than a problem that needs to be fixed, you're a racist."	14
"There is no justification for what the GOP has been doing. If it wasn't for tens of millions of self-indentified Republicans incapable of seeing fault in their own party, there wouldn't be two sides to this, but since we're probably the most insecure nation of people in the history Western civilization, the idea that you or your party might be wrong is so unwel"	14
"So, we're done now? We're at the apex of a truly free, just, inclusive society? Racism doesn't exist anymore? Sexism doesn't exist anymore? Famine, homelessness, war, none of these terrible things exist anymore? Just because you're selfish enough not to care about these things, doesn't mean I have to be. Hope you live long and well."	14
Which is why he reiterated during his speech that the Republican party (Mitch McConnell) admitted its goal was to make sure that President Obama doesn't get reelected. Talk about divisive fucks the Republicans if they would play games with American's livelihoods for the sake of politics on such a manipulative level when so many were/are so vulnerable.	14
"In the end most of the anti-Obama people will still chose McCain over Obama rather than allow apathy to put a black man in office. We need to keep pushing an prepare for the worst, a revolt if they steal the election. And THIS time, you need to get your asses out in the streets unlike the half asses protests against Bush."	14
This approach just seem ridiculously unrealistic. Even if you wish no one ever had sex outside of marriage the evidence that wishing and hoping don't make people not want to put dicks in pussies seems overwhelming. Is there really no one in the anti-abortion movement that cares more about getting things done than about thinking about the world they wished exi	14
How is taking a pay check in conflict with making loans more affordable? You are throwing around some loaded confrontational words. Idiots towing the party line without critical thinking. Supporting her bill (that has nothing to do with pay) makes me an idiot because she gets a big paycheck you don't even oppose? Your argument is incoherent.	14
"Ummmm, go to court any day of the week. You'll see plenty of big, strong fellows who were arrested and not shot. You see, there are two ways to look at the situation. Either this town is home to a huge number of homicidal anarchists or it has a really lousy police force that has managed to lose the respect of its citizens."	14
"ISIS was able to strive because we took our troops out of Iraq... ISIS hate may have been created by Bush, but the only reason they flourished was because Obama took our troops out... Ignorance. If we would have still had our troops in Iraq we would have decimated ISIS before we even knew their name."	14
"The police lie to get convictions, use brutal force on people then charge them with assault and then wonder why we have zero respect for them any more. It's because you are lying fascist pigs, that why, morons! Frankly, it begs the question: why should anyone be convicted of any crime if that conviction depends on police testimony."	14
"The ""/rollseyes"" is the only kind of response liberal redditors can muster in response to facts. They'll gush over anything that shows Obama as ""cool,"" noble, or whatever, but when it comes to issues they just run down the same line every time: marginalize the right, call them ignorant, obstructionist racists, and ignore the blatant failure and ineptitude of th"	14
"Um, no it's not a fallacy. It's fucking truth. Any decent car driver worth their beans wouldn't get out a car that wasn't in park (or had the brakes on). Any decent parent worth their beans wouldn't leave poisons out for their kids to play with .... Any gun owner with half a brain wouldn't leave loaded weapons out for kids to play with. That's beyond tra"	14
Kimmel isn't political at all. Its just OP and the Right Wing bloggers who keep circulating this non-story. The clips like this where they ask random people only cut together the ones who know little to knowing about the issue being questioned. Only the Right Wing nuts would pass late night comedy skits as if they are peer-reviewed articles.	14
"Well, first off, you're wrong. *""Jewish people, are a nation and ethnoreligious group originating in the Israelites or Hebrews of the Ancient Near East. The Jewish ethnicity, nationality, and religion are strongly interrelated, as Judaism is the traditional faith of the Jewish nation""* Wiki So, yeah, literally it's racism."	14
"That's bullshit. ISPs aren't going to discount services for anyone, they're just going to charge more to high bandwidth content providers. ISPs are trying to squeeze blood from stones rather provide new content, services, or otherwise innovate. This is also why they are trying to merge together and also renege on agreements to improve infrastructure with public"	14
"Are you kidding? Republicans always rally to the defense of their candidates' horrible statements, usually by doubling down on the stupid. This will *help* Romney by making more of his base get out to vote. The surge from the base will be bigger than the size of fence-sitting independents. Its Chik-Fil-A all over again."	14
And very few of them have accomplished anything. Their biggest claims to fame are Zuckerberg (who can be considered a late GenX as well) and Beiber. The previous two generations took economic stalemates and had people running businesses who flourished out of them. This generation seems to be busy complaining that nobody is doing that for them.	14
"Oh great, narrowmindedness in r/politics. What the hell do you think slander is? But instead of slander focusing on one individual, now you're focusing on an entire religion. Yes, you're suppose to criticize a religion. This is not the same as considering each and everyone of the followers as a violent barbarian and spreading that image."	14
I'm not supporting your message because I didn't read your message because you came off as an ideological crackpot. I'm a pragmatist. It would never have worked. So I simply gave you some pragmatic advice. If you care about your cause you'll care about making it happen. Making it happen takes people. To get people you need to be not a dick.	14
"Incoming shitty book deal by a guy that should probably never write a book in 3...2...1... Oh wait, and probably make millions off it by idiots who buy up that shit, just like Casey Anthony stuff, thereby making more money than most of us will in our lifetimes for something horrible and un-newsworthy... Am I coming off bitter here?"	14
"a forced vaginal ultrasound is a clear violation of privacy and will be stuck down as such as soon as this gets to federal court. What do you possibly gain by shoving a sensor up your vagina that you couldn't get by having the doctor just describe the developmental stages? It's a clear emotional appeal, and you know it."	14
"Well, do you really think the US labor market would become like the Chinese labor market if labor laws were relaxed? If so, why? Do you think the Chinese labor market would become like the US labor market if the Chinese government implemented the same labor laws as are implemented in the US? Also, >If so, fuck you. Really? Is that how you normally talk to"	14
"Once again, I am even more certain that you cannot prove it. On the second account you equate supporting Obama to supporting a police state: >Either way, you're supporting the police state. And yes, I know what a straw man is. Here is one I found on the internet today: >/r/politics (/r/Obama) still pretends there's a substantial difference between Romney and"	14
"> The Senate has not compromised whatsoever on this issue, and this is part of the reason the government is shut down. 19 times, they tried. You are either lying, or you don't read anything other than right wing drivel. http://www.nationaljournal.com/congress/19-times-democrats-tried-to-negotiate-with-republicans-20131007"	14
"No he isn't. Don't even pull that shit. His audience is intellectual liberals like the ones patrolling this site on a daily basis. No republican conservative or stupid person has ever sat through any one of his films, and they never will. They are not who he is aiming his movies at. If they were, he would never make any money."	14
"Yeah, that's what I was thinking. Gawd is punishing them for their evil ways. Meanwhile in a dark closet, a ""prayer warrior"" is begging for the rapture. *chuckle* Do they really think that God will take them away into his army when they won't get out and fight evil in the here and now? Ridiculous! Opiate, indeed!"	14
"This video is wrong on so many levels. And it fails to analyzes the different kind of humans the mac fanboys are. Seriously, all the development is done because a few people bought the expensive version ? Are you fucking kidding me ? Of course the boldness of some investors makes great products come to life, but this video if full of nonsense. Whatever sells"	14
"And I'm guessing you consider it an ""unimportant"" issue because you're male, and will never have to meaningfully deal with reproductive issues. This attitude, more than anything, is why grown-ups so rarely take libertarian views seriously. Until you learn how to empathize with others, it's an essentially selfish philosophy."	14
">I can see the difference but it's stupid. Again. Let me give a ""Yikes!"" for anyone you are looking out for. >You're saying it's somehow worse to refuse to treat a gay man with a broken finger than it is to refuse to save a woman's life. Nope. But I am saying it's really different. I'll again leave out the partisan drivel."	14
"Martin is a twig, Zimmerman is a redwood, and you're assuming that Martin *attempted* assault. Innocent until proven guilty, yes. But the burden of proof is actually switched in this case. Zimmerman does not dispute taking the life. So the burden of proof is on him to argue that it was justified, even under Florida's fucked up law."	14
"This is exactly the type of thinking that makes our political system suck. You have just become a single issue voter as so many people do (i.e. prolife = 100% GOP, prochoice = 100% Dem and never shall we sway!) people don't look at the overall candidate anymore they just vote for the candidate that claims to support their view on the single issue that gets th"	14
"You kind of started out by implying ""You shouldn't respect everybody that fights for what they believe is right, just Americans fighting for American interests."" Which is, of course, insane. But then wrapped it up with ""Don't respect people fighting for what they think is right, but people fighting for what *is* right."" Which is impossible when there's no conc"	14
"Of course! How could I not see it before? Your brilliant and in depth rebuttal have swayed my opinion. And all those facts, figures and allegorical evidence you presented in a concise and direct manner certainly refuted everything the author of this article has to say. Your learned summary and wise reasoning have humbled me greatly. I bow to your superior intel"	14
"Because some crazy old testament types believe in nonsense like a ""tainted seed"", and thus believe even the brother is capable of the same acts. What I want to know is, was the killer autistic or not? Aspergers maybe? I want to know if his dysfunction was due to physical/chemical imbalance, or psychological/social imbalance."	14
"Dearie me, is OP under the misguided impression that these were the vulgar kinds of criminals who broke the laws? No no no. These are the fancy kinds of criminals who change the laws with MONEY. If you don't believe me, ask Obama's buddies, Tim Geithner and Ben Bernanke. I believe you'll find them in some of D.C.'s highest presidentially appointed positions."	14
"Why? Obama has basically guaranteed he will do the same as McCain in the middle east. He's already kissed AIPAC's ass, as well. Where's the difference? He's owned, lock stock and barrel. Are you people really so naive that you think these young politicians get where they are without backroom deals? Jesus, we're doomed if so."	14
Three police officers fire nine shots. The suspect they were shooting at fired no shots. An innocent person is killed who wasn't even aware of what was happening. One of the officers is shot in the leg. This is a great example of responsible policing? I would laugh if I weren't so certain that you're being completely serious.	14
Yeah those angels that we call Democrats played no role in any negative direction this country has ever gone in... The prejudice that is found throughout academia on display through Penn. This guy is only the tip of a massive disgusting rotten iceberg of hate and prejudice flowing through the veins of higher education.	14
"it doesn't matter whether or not you asked them to. they accepted the price of living in a civilized society and pay taxes in order to supply the things you use every day. for you to complain that you ""don't wanna"", is little more than the whinings of a selfish child who doesn't want to do his share of the chores around the house."	14
"It is insane to me how little of a big deal the mainstream media seems to be making about this considering how much press they gave to the absolute BS the GOP spread about ""ObamaCare."" GOP making up stuff about how ObamaCare is going to cut Medicare? Front page news. GOP actually voting to end Medicare... nothing?"	14
"Working a minimum wage job is a mistake? Let me guess, they should have just worked harder in school and/or pulled themselves up from their bootstraps? It doesn't take into account societal cost or that we are talking about humans here. Basic radical liibertarianism. The cult of thinking you know more than anyone while parroting cherry picked data."	14
"> Well, do you have a better [""passionate""] label for describing the ideological types stripping away my liberty and freedom to associate with who I like? Sure - try to use ""no one"" when identifying those who are trying to ""strip your liberty and freedoms"" away. If nothing else, it might help you come off as sounding less fucking nuts."	14
"First: > It states: ""As an online discussion grows longer, the probability of a comparison involving Nazis or Hitler approaches 1.""[2][3] Second, yes, the people who set up a surveillance mechanism to spy on the entire world are evil, that shouldn't need to be said. You're the one spouting nonsense."	14
"if they passed a law requiring cops to round up and kill Jews, it would be ""a law"". It would be up to the cops to determine what ""laws"" they obeyed. We all saw how honorable cops were then, didn't we? EVERYONE answers to their conscience. These pigs CHOOSE to interpret the law in such a way they can terrorize and murder. THEY are responsible."	14
">While Jimmy Carter told us we had to be responsible and tighten our energy belts, Reagan told us to act like a bunch of spendthrift oil drunks and listen to the call of our inner gas pigs I've been waiting since the 1980s to understand and gain perspective on why I hated Reagan. I always knew...somewhere in my heart."	14
"Oh Rush, please, please, please leave! Our world will be so much better with you out of it (and if you can manage it, could you please take Savage, Hannity, O'Rielly, etc. with you?) Although, to be honest, I grieve for the children and mothers who will fall victim to Rush and his ""peculiar"" fondness for little boys."	14
Left out one other option. Maybe Roberts is too fucking stupid to see that unlimited funding will essentially give political offices to the highest bidder. Is Roberts really so stupid as to think that a politician won't jump when a campaign donor who gave tens of millions to his campaign shouts frog?	14
Really? Because you're full of shit. Here are some guys who are obviously well trained and well practiced (their entire channel of about 250 videos devoted to shooting) while not under pressure are missing most of the time hitting a stationary target.Highjak86 I'm fairly certain they don't edit their videos to make themselves seem worse than they are.	14
"If you want reasonable people to read something, it's best not to act like an emotional child when you write the headline. These sorts of pathetic, ""you're just going to down-vote this unfairly, wah,"" posts automatically rub me the wrong way and move me to ignore the content of the link rather than consider it seriously."	13
">First, my pledge: More than 99% of my wealth will go to philanthropy during my lifetime or at death. Measured by dollars, this commitment is large. In a comparative sense, though, many individuals give more to others every day. [source] Yeah, that fucking greedy bastard; deep down he really doesn't care about anyone but himself."	13
">Hemp production and cultivation means food, fuel and textiles, and the addition of a multi-billion dollar industry to our economy as well as lessening our dependence on fossil fuels, trees for paper and wood, and other products we depend on foregin nations for. Do you have any peer-reviewed research to back this up or did you just read it in High Times?"	13
"The NDAA is not just some ""bill."" It specifies the spending for the Department of the Defense. You know, our military. If Obama had vetoed it, the Republicans would have screamed that ""he hates the military!!!,"" and since he did sign it people freaked the hell out over indefinite detention. It was a lose-lose situation for Obama, regardless of what happened. I'"	13
"Look liberals have been putting their propaganda in schools for decades, they are hippocrits for now complaining that conservatives are doing the same thing. The solution should be to get the government out of education that way parents can send their childrent to schools that promote their values."	13
"Yes, it was terribly selfish of me to see my mother as a person whose life should have value and meaning outside of her home and children. What can I say, I was a child. If I'd had your wisdom and maturity, I'd have appreciated her sacrifice and demanded more from her so that when I left for college her life could be completely without purpose."	13
"Defense got cut by 350 billion, taxes get looked at Jan 1st after the Bush cuts retire giving Dems an opportunity to increase taxes. Social Security, Medicare, and Veterans benefits are exempt from future cuts. Also, if you guys stop screwing it up, this lets Dems paint the republicans as evil psychopaths trying to kill grandma. Politics is a marathon, not a s"	13
"1) why shouldn't it be a business? 2) Why should I pay for other people's healthcare? many people have money to afford it, and many also lead unhealthy lifestyles. If they can't afford it, I am fine with government paying for mediocre care. But if a middle-class family chooses to take a path w/o insurance, why shouldn't they have to give up their new BMW's to"	13
"> Well that's just a big ol' lie. From your post : Today, as part of that commitment, Vice President Biden swore in B. Todd Jones as the first permanent Director of the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives (ATF) in seven years. Why has it been 7 years since the post has been filled with a permanent appointee?"	13
"They aren't mutually exclusive, but i have yet to meet a military man who is not an asshole to women. I worked as a security officer for three years at an apartment complex across the street from a military base. Every weekend, literally, I had to call the police because there were military guys getting drunk and beating the shit out of their wives."	13
"Mark Foley, Larry Craig, Pastor Ted Haggard, George Rekers, Ken Mehlman, and it continues. Check out the documentary ""OUTRAGE"". Also check out blogACTIVE. It will blow your mind how many self-hating homosexual Republican politicians there are who campaign against and oppose equal rights for homosexuals. How messed up are these hypocrites?!?!"	13
"I hate to pop your bubble, but I live in a very blue state and haven't even seen a Doctor for a checkup since the AAC passed because until I pay a spend down to trigger Medicaid's coverage I don't have any at all. On paper I'm covered, but if I actually need care, I'm not. Being enrolled and all legal-like does not mean that you get needed care."	13
"All you are claiming is that he doesn't understand what evolution is. He clearly stated ""Evolution is a theory and I don't accept it"". A doctor not accepting the theory of evolution is like an architect not accepting the theory of gravitation. You claim others are propagandists, yet you spam the comments with your copypasta."	13
"I think Rick Sanchez is one fiery guy. I watch him sometimes to see if he'll ""go off"" on somebody. Or call someone a liar. Please retire Wolfe Blitzer....please. And BTW, John King is NOT a good replacement. Neither is Anderson Cooper. Rick Sanchez should take the reins at CNN - then they might have a chance against MSNBC...*might*"	13
"You can purchase catastrophic insurance for a few hundred a year, for an entire family! Don't tell me that it's not affordable unless you have major preexisting conditions. People just don't investigate anything for themselves. And go ahead and tax corporations more, they don't really care... they pass the cost on to the consumer. Take a class in economics"	13
"Thanks for the snappy comeback. In what you call ""middle school"" if you pay attention, you might learn the difference between say Eisenhower and Juan Peron? There is an important difference. Just as there is an important difference between responsible government and a shoot from the hip person such as Paul when there are far better alternatives even in his"	13
"Can I add a few more reasons then? How about being against the Civil Rights Act? Or against the Voting Rights Act? I can go on. He basically disguises his moronic views as a states-rights issue. If he really thinks the federal govt should stay out of certain things, then why the fuck should *any* govt be involved, state or federal? In my opinion, he's just ano"	13
"I think most of the blame goes to the Republicans, and their willingness to ""kill the beast"" at all costs. Their spend like there is no tomorrow, then borrow from China so someone else will pay their bills is shit. What happened to pay as you go. Tax cuts for the supper rich are not worth it. They totally fucked up the economy when they where in power."	13
"> It's not that ""homosexual men tend to be pedophiles,"" it's that ""pedophiles tend to be homosexual."" No, no, no, no. Pedophiles do not have any semblance of healthy sexuality. Just like they are not attracted to adult women, they are not attracted to adult men. They abuse undeveloped children and in the vast majority of cases don't even have any attraction"	13
"tl;dr: Obama is not accountable because he was concerned about the fact that one of his orders ended in the death of several civilians in Pakistan, and because civilians in the vicinity of suspected Al Qaeda caravans or hideouts are unlikely to be civilians. verdict: Obama is another war-mongering murderer in the white house."	13
"Actually, you're wrong. 2010 and 2009 audits both had unqualified audit reports as well. The document you're looking at is a special report on internal controls. The financial statements of the organization, present fairly in all material respects the financial position of the organization, a statement the GAO could not issue if the IRS could not account for bi"	13
"To all those Dems reminding themselves that oh, the GOP won't have a veto-proof majority so everything's not so bad after all need a reality check. The veto is not absolute and McConnell is not going to stop until Dodd-Frank and Obamacare are dead as doornails. He'll force votes, attach riders to must-pass legislature. There's no end to our options now that we"	13
"I'm so left I'm actually laying on my left arm and I have an extensive collection of guns/knives/bats and other implements of destruction. I support all the amendments in the bill of rights. I have the right to say what I want, be secure in my home and if anyone tries to take them away I have the right to defend myself."	13
Well that really sucks. Public transportation is pretty much the very very LAST thing that needs to be fucked with for petty reasons. How about we focus on keeping the TSA out of our transit system instead of focusing on fucking up the transportation lifeline for tens-of-thousands of bay area residents. This is childish.	13
"From the ""not even pretending to be journalist"" desk [Dems want the federal government to regulate pizza]( http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2012/05/15/democratic-congressman-polis-wants-feds-to-regulate-pizza-in-school-lunches/) After reading this story, I truly lost all respect for anyone that take Fox News seriously."	13
"But Rand WAS trying to suggest that Autism was reason to not vaccinate a child. He specifically says vaccinations can lead to ""profound mental disorders"". Rand is a medical doctor and should know better. So that means he knows vaccinations are not responsible for autism and is lying for political gains, or he is an idiot. Which is it? A liar or an idiot?"	13
"So basicly the 24 year old father (who cares if he is a father btw) died because he choose pain meds over antibiotics? Has nothing to do with insurance. 1. If he is 24 he has to have someone that can loan him $80 to pull one simple tooth. 2. Antibiotics are CHEAP, my doctor gives the pills away by the handful. Another BULL SHIT dramatic title."	13
"But he didn't. I assume he has some sort of education. Who paid for that? The government. His employees? Same thing. Their education, at least high school, was paid for by the government. He used the roadways, railways, and/or the airways to ship his product. He's used government infrastructure. The government helps out in more ways than you think."	13
"So 60 years of experiments in changing tax rates isn't enough evidence for you? How much do you need, 100? 200? You confirm my point: you can't change the total revenue, only the point of collection. And I contend that it's the same people paying it, one way or another, no matter where it is collected."	13
"fine... then let's be *completely* accurate. corporations are cheating the american public out of money. cheating someone out of money *is the same as stealing from them.* you can split hairs all you want, but you're not going to have someone say ""oh, they're cheating me? oh that's ok then... as long as they're not stealing from me."""	13
"no - you don¬¥t accept it. but you do tolerate it. and you just believe ""there is nothing you can do"". just like you believe in the american dream or that you¬¥ve got a lot of freedom. if something similar would happen e.g. in france, streets in paris would literally burn, 80% of frenchmen would protest and lay down work until the goverment listens."	13
Why did you make a throwaway account to post a number that you don't even answer? I called twice and texted once and all I got was a cricket festival. I'm still waiting for a single Redditor who has the guts to speak with conviction and mean what they say. I thought you might have been the first but I'm unsurprisingly let down again.	13
"Only you're making a deliberately facetious argument. Universal Basic Income. Here's your bread, water, and the roof over your head. You want an xbox? Get a job and top it up like the rest of us. I will pay for your vaccinations because if I don't your poor lifestyle choices will impact the health of my children."	13
"You said: >It turns out that in the American justice system, you don't have to prove innocence. I said: >Not after a conviction. Here is the title of the topic: >Texas has executed another innocent man. The kicker? The prosecutor fought tooth and nail to destroy any evidence that could prove his innocence. Do you understand where you went wrong yet?"	13
"> The taxes and tarrifs he supported were all based on what your actions (what you spent money on), and not just based on the fact that you made money. Income (your property) was yours to do more or less what you would with it... So, consumption taxes? Wow. Try that in the U.S. and see how far you get."	13
support Gavin Newsom!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	13
"Do you know what is theft? Using the money you already have to buy out politicians and rig the system so all roads lead into your pockets. Look at how drastically the balance of wealth has shifted since the 1980s. If you think that this drastic consolidation of wealth doesn't require progressive taxation, what is your solution? Allow a few people to gobble up t"	13
"It seems like you're purposefully avoiding my point, ieatglue44. You contrast Shockley with Hitler, but totally ignore the correct answer: ""These are my choices?"" What would it say about the hypothetical university that seeks to invite one of these men? What does inviting a known and admitted bigot say about Michigan?"	13
"So, according to your logic, Smart people vote not just specifically for Obama, but for democrats in general, and stupid people vote not just for Romney but for republicans in general? If that isn't what you meant (and I'm sure it isn't), then you should be more careful with how you communicate, and maybe break down your ideas into formal logic equations befo"	13
"Firstly, source that shit. This sounds like the view of a younger person who thinks the world is against them. Which is fine, but its not how shit works everywhere all the time, or even for the most part. Second, never compromise yourself for anyone else. Don't pretend to be something you aren't to impress someone. This includes jobs."	13
"OP, I'm aware you're probably just twisting facts to make yourself funnier for karma, but you're incorrect. The worst sinner on the planet could be Christian. The only requirement is to believe in Jesus Christ as the messiah. Morals are just suggested. (note, this is broad Christianity, certain denominations may have different views)."	13
"Yeah? You going to deal with climate change? Going to stop driving that car? Stop buying things made out of oil by burning oil and transported to you using oil? Gonna make a change in your own life? Or you want politicians to do something for you? Enough people have to ""be the change"" on this or else it's all talk, and that kind of personal change is hard -- ha"	13
"No, they arrested him for trespassing. Cops tell you to leave, you don't argue. You leave, then you argue. If they arrest you for trespassing while you're standing on the street asking why you had to leave, you get to sue people. If they arrest you for trespassing while you're trespassing, you get to blog half the story to try and make the police look bad."	13
">It's all a bunch of bullshit. You're born when you're born, and your (our) generation has advantages and disadvantages - just like every single other generation before us. So take the hand you're dealt, and make the best out of it. We shouldn't play victim just because of the year we were born in. I don't think it's playing the victim to point out that you're"	13
"Do you live in the U.S.? because this is not happening in my part of the U.S. sure there are people who actually believe all muslims are terrible.. but its the same people who think jesus is coming down on the 21st to bring them to heaven... The majority of us like to call these people ""fucking lunatics"". sure, they're real and they're out there.... but they'r"	13
"Well, no wonder the MSM calls us an internet campaign. This is where we've been banished. Only they don't know, the internet is starting to become much more powerful than conventional Old Media. Ron Paul 2008. Truth to Power. www.teaparty07.com Donate on 16th for Ron Paul! Kucinich on the 15th as well!"	13
"His remarks are obscene are meant to incite and you know it. He's ginning up the base and speaking to the most unhinged believers on the far right. Should one of his ardent fans attempt to kill or kill the president will he feel regret? If that happens is he in any way responsible? Do balanced, intelligent and decent human beings make these sorts of statem"	13
"This is getting less and less productive. You disagree. Great. I'm sorry I can't convince you. I've made the argument, read it. You can't design a system to ""protect children"" and not censor the internet. Can't be done. The real solution is not technical, it's raising your kids, which I outlined to diligent twice."	13
"Don't worry, the county has come up with the ingenious plan of having a massive tax write off to attract a second Walmart. I'm pretty sure the second one will kill the last bit of their locally-owned stores dead. Did I mention that the only high school in town is built of brick, is 100 years old and is in a major earthquake zone? The measure to rebuild it"	13
The economy is propped up on a house of cards. Obama and his handlers have jumped the national debt from $9T to $17T by simply printing more money and spending it like drunken sailors. Foreign entities own our debt and the ACA is ultimately unsustainable and will break the bank. People are smart to be concerned.	13
"Ah, yes, all the youth flocking to work in farms, and slaughterhouses for near-minimum wage or less, just like people are now to apple orchards in Washington state where they're desperately short on workers. Lol indeed. EDIT: Of course, your response is probably that they'll naturally raise wages to attract more workers. Have fun paying 2-5x more for your groc"	13
"Shame you get downvoted. Reddit thinks they know the most about everything. Then when someone comes in and tells them 100% what will happen to JUST THAT INDIVIDUAL without any reason or doubt, reddit just downvotes them into oblivion and dismisses them as dissenters. Sorry reddit. I think I have a better fucking idea if I'll lose my job than you do."	13
"<sarcasm> Yea, millions of people are being killed, injured, displaced, and deprived as a diversion for rich people to do whatever they want. </sarcasm> This is a ridiculous post. Here's why: Rich people do whatever they want ... regardless. They don't need diversions. They own the media. This post deserves to be downmodded mercilessly."	13
"that's exactly why you won't get Warren. the Democrats learned this lesson in the 1980s -- electability matters vastly more than ideology if you want to win. Warren is a firebrand, which is great for the ideologues, but she has no chance with middle America and the swing states the Democrats must carry in order to win."	13
"I am fine with that. I would go one step further. If you hire illegal aliens in an effort to increase your profits(farmers, tyson foods, Rich who hire illegal aliens to do housework, etc) then you will go to jail for life. If we cut the demand, by making it impossible to hire them then they won't come. supply and demand."	13
"In my profession there is an old saying that goes: ""You can beat the rap but you can't beat the ride."" The purpose of this arrest wasn't to secure a conviction. It was to waste this guy's time and money. Of course this charge is frivolous, but the cops aim was to exert his authority over his fellow citizen. He's a huge asshole and should be sanctioned fo"	13
"I just took the Georgia bar, so don't get cut with me about describing law school classes. I used 101 in the idiomatic sense meaning that the proposition which I stated was a basic tenant of the class. In this situation, it's undeniable that the police had reason to believe that the mother was in the house, **so what is your point**?"	13
"> things change when your life is in danger When, ever during this incident, was the patrolmen's life in danger? > Or are you just interested in railing against arguments I never made? No, I just think you're an idiot for thinking it's OK for police to open fire before seeing a weapon in a suspect's hand."	13
"When is everyone going to understand that they do not care about producing people equipped with the tools to succeed in life, those people could be a threat to them, what they want to create is a mass of undereducated, easily manipulated people, people that don't have the skills but to blindly accept their lot in life."	13
"Good, it hit on the main reason. It gets Federal money for the police department. It's not shocking, PD's are doing some crazy stuff to get FBI and Homeland Security funds. It's not uncommon to see Bubbaville, pop. 230, getting armored vehicles because an interstate exit exists within town limits. And yes, this is another example of blatant pork barrel spen"	13
"There's nothing to argue with. You think that the BBC report proves something that it doesn't. There's no argument there, you're just pointing out random factoids and pretending they support your absurd theory. They don't. There's nothing about the BBC report that goes any way towards proving anything you imagine it does."	13
"To be fair, if you think that scenario where the government comes to take away your guns could arise...your guns are sort of the least of your worries, arent' they? It would basically mean the constitution was suspended. I mean, if you don't think your guns are safe, you should probably lock up your daughters, wives, cars... Oh, wait. Nevermind."	13
"I will eat. Post your address I will rob you first... this is just to prove a point. What do you think desperate people will do? Some will hold out, some will become homeless and other men will go to crime for lack of an alternative. I will get the money i need to exist, survival is more important than morality to most people."	13
"Wow. There is no logic to your claims. Imagine replacing Jesus with the president in that situation, and a reporter is asking him about his position on divorce law between a man and a woman. If he answers within the context of man and woman that doesn't mean he's anti-gay marriage any more than me using an example of a male president means I'm against having a"	13
"So you're assuming I watch Fox, OK, I'll play along. So my facts from Fox are bullshit but your facts from an equally biased source are not? By the way, I hate Fox news but I do prefer ""facts"" to come from reputable sources. Not a website that defines their political ideologies in their ""about us"" section. Clear bias."	13
"No. You don't regulate free markets from having influence on government, because regulating markets by the same people who are being influenced in a simple conflict of interest. Free-market proponents are asking for the same thing as leftists. A good government that is not influenced by greedy/corrupt business owners."	13
"No this is about Chick-Fil-A being bigoted and homophobic- Conservatives and/or Tea Party members are trying to make it about 'free speech' because they can't win by being homophobic. Also, they're feeling bad because they're all for free market capitalism until customers decide to use free market principles to take their business elsewhere."	13
Because most people ar sheep. They lack the strength of character and a level of maturity to think and be responsible for themselves. Freedom is scary and authoritarianism gives them a comfort to not have to expend the energy thinking for themselves or confronting directly those individuals who embrace freedom	13
"Obama has already lost on the ACA in multiple instances and on the recess appointments. If I were him, I wouldn't take bets on him winning any lawsuit in the near future. His extra-Executive actions and the unconstitutional legislation he has championed are being put in their place by the branch of government created for exactly that purpose."	13
"The simple answer is that people don't want masses of homeless congregating in parks or residential neighborhoods. They shit everywhere, do drugs, fight and yell, scavenge the trash, steal, engage in prostitution, etc. Large numbers of homeless people in one place fucks up the neighborhood completely."	13
"That the 'wars' against other crimes are not winnable is a stupid point. Those are all crimes against other people. Drug use is an issue of personal behavior and the comparison is invalid. In fact, the war on drugs creates the dreaded drug-related crime, which could be wholly eliminated by legalization and regulation. So the argument is not only invalid, it is"	13
"yea, but to republicans, they are giving. as long as rich people gives to rich people, and only poor people give to poor people it's ok. and poor people should give to rich people too. just dont make rich people give to poor people. cause that's socialist, and we all know that wouldn't be christmas."	13
"Are you kidding me? Look up Obama, Romney, Santorum, Gingrich's donation sources and then try to attack Ron Paul for the same. It's not even close to the same amount (if any at all) that the others are getting. Ron Paul is not for the government bailouts of banks or coorporations so why would the companies who benefited from those policies endorse him?"	13
After hearing much dumber shit than this from Feinstein I'm starting to realize these people are like Lamar Smith trying to regulate the internet when he can't even turn on his computer. I'd like to recommend a law that state's you can't legislate something if you have no fucking clue how it works but then our entire congress wouldn't exist.	13
"Oh come on, if california was run by republicans plenty of people would say their corruption was a result of their party affiliation. And Arnold was only elected after countless other failures. Plenty of states run by both parties have budget issues right now for lots of different reasons. What is your excuse for new york, also in horrible shape, with democr"	13
>Paul Ryan supported Medicare part D >He was taking care of those big pharma donors - the makers. He did a bang up job. That legislation expressly prohibited Medicare from negotiating drug prices with pharmaceutical companies. He's all for fiscal responsibility except when it comes to his plutocratic friends.	13
"You seem to have a problem with reading comprehension. No one is blaming Bush for this. They are calling our Republican hypocrisy. They are saying that more attacks on U.S. consulates occurred with more deaths under the Bush administration, but there was zero Republican outrage (and to be honest, very little if any Democratic party outrage either). So what"	13
">Life is ridiculously easy here with just the slightest effort, in comparison to the rest of the world. Yes, those Canadians, Norwegians, and Kiwis have it soooo difficult. They must be jealous of Americans with heated houses and a private bath. No laundry? No wonder they stink so bad! I can't imagine how they make it through their month-long holidays!"	13
"Sadly that form of populism that comes out in the work is corrupted now by astro-turf groups like the tea party supported by the super rich to appear as pseudo-majoritan movements. It's really just too damn hard for people to work together in a real populist movement because political authenticity is near impossible to determine, which is no mistake."	13
"Can we stop discussing the nature of ""ron paul supporters""? You're essentially gossiping and I suspect your doing it to convince your self and reinforce your own beliefs. I'd love to vote for a progressive but at this point it's either Obama (R-IL) or Paul (I-TX) in my mind. Paul is the lesser of two evils."	13
"Because in some cases, there is no excuse. These teens killed an unarmed man on the account of being ""Bored"", and you want them to go free? Little scary in the way you think dude. There is a limit on some things, however murder like this deserves a full unrestricted trial. I would give them both the death penalty if I were their judge, because I would be ""Bored"	13
"I hit all your main points, even quoted you 3 times on three different paragraphs... Pretty sure you're the one ignoring the blaring facts I laid out. You don't have to keep talking with me, but definitely think about the things I said. Since these are separate, unique, living human beings... why shouldn't their right to life be protected?"	13
"> Yes, by not forcing things to go before the Supreme Court when they have more important issues? More important issues? Like what? This is their job. > Seriously, before you get too worked up, why not ask the bill sponsor what they think? That's a good one. I'll send him a quick txt and let you know how he responds."	13
">Rising oil prices? Have you filled up at the pump lately? Have you heard about what the Saudis are doing? Rising oil prices are a decades-long trend, which is precisely why oil sands and shale became profitable in the first place. The past six months do not invalidate that trend any more than the steep drop in prices during the recession."	13
"Nope, but if I were a rich man I might be a little butthurt about it. Good thing for the wealthy it keeps getting better and better for them, although to hear the way they piss and moan and cry like little bitches you would think it is me, personally, bending them over and ass raping them while picking their wallets."	13
"Do you drink coffee? You're a drug user. Do you drink beer/wine/spirits? You're a drug user. Do you take ibuprofen or acetaminophen for headaches? You're a drug user. All that aside, using drugs recreationally is not a symptom of a ""deeper problem"" either. For all you know, it's just that person's idea of an enjoyable way to experience an altered state of c"	13
"Well he should have expected it. Romney announced it before the debates. Sure he claimed it was Obama who was going to do it, but anyone familiar with Republican-speak knows ""my opponent is going to do nefarious thing X"" is almost always an admission about what they themselves intend to do. Projection is not just a tactic with these people, it's a way of lif"	13
"THIS JUST IN: In the face of a crisis, Corporations often make promises they do not intend to keep. Also this hour: Politicans often espouse beliefs they do not have in order to manipulate voters; College students drink more than they study; Mothers often *do* have a favorite child; The Oscars are political"	13
"how in the world can you be content with a federally controlled and run health care system? tell me how is it even American to have this program that will only cause worse care for the citizens? if you don't have an idea already, this health care reform will only benefit a certain CLASS of people and totally destroy another. this is eveything about CLASS WARFAR"	13
"Funny, the current president is the worst of my lifetime. Never been someone more divisive and clueless (read: Constitution organizer pushes unconstitutional healthcare law and whines about the SCOTUS, inserts himself in Zimmerman case, calls for beer summit to correct yet another boneheaded mistake.)"	13
"As a symbolic gesture we should have Cheney strapped to a common high-explosive which is then dropped somewhere in an Iranian mountain range, where there is no real risk of hurting anyone. It would be a going-away present, his very own Dr. Strangelove moment. Who would vote favoribly for that proposal?"	13
"Consumers AND NON-CONSUMERS pick up the tab the way it is. But hey, you're right. Better that non-drivers and those that use alternative fuel sources help subsidize cheap gas so people have the freedom to drive stupid and wasteful vehicles without actually having to pay the full cost of operating them. 'Murca."	13
"The guy fucking made a left turn where it wasn't warranted. Whether that should have even required a ticket rather than a warning in the first place questionable. The average person doesn't drive more than 3 blocks without committing a BS ticketable offense. I think the recent experiment in NY shows just how valuable and necessary all of those ""unnecessary"	13
"What if I don't want to pay range fees? In Colorado (where I live) there are so many places to go shooting on public land, legally. Why would I want to pay range fees every time I want to shoot. Range fees + marked up ammo, no thanks. Also who is to say a range owner won't go crazy? Or a Gun shop? LAWS CANNOT PREVENT CRAZY!"	13
"Free market (as in absence of regulation) does not exist. It cannot exist. Perfect competition is unprofitable, so oligopolies form. Oligopolies can buy politicians. Bought politicians institute regulation favorable to oligopolies. So by insisting on absence of regulation, libertarians cause bad regulation."	13
Don't let them fool you. That's a divide and conquer tactic by conservatives who actually hate all unions. They just try to target public sector unions more because 30% of the public sector is unionized (vs. only 7% of the private sector). Conservatives hate working people and love big government/corporations	13
"You kept making the same arguments and I kept making the same arguments. It wasn't going anywhere, and that's why you broke down and decided to resort to insults. >I know I'm right. I'm glad you agree. Get your head out of your own ass and try to listen to others for a change. You came into this with your mind made up and that was that as far as you were co"	13
"> True, but if the officer's defense was that he had suffered an assault and was in fear for his life, it's certainly relevant. I want you to read what you wrote and seriously think about it. This hoax has NOTHING to do with the officers defense. You're right on one thing, I seriously question your intelligence."	13
"Ah, you figured him out. He is really a successful small business owner attending a conference that decided to hit up the local homeless shelter for its famed cuisine. When he was finished with his feast he drove the Cadillac he purchased with his welfare benefits back to his mansion in Beverly Hills."	13
"If in fact the child was homeless - that changes the complexion of the ""tale"". When one doesn't have a home - where in the hell is a mom supposed to have the refrigerator to store food to make a lunch, let alone a paper sack to put it into. Ryan's nose should be growing....but this is from CPAC when reality it removed when these well paid folks en"	13
"McCain? Ever heard of him? He co-sponsored this bill, it was called McCain-Feingold. It was campaign finance reform. It prevented corporations from running ads. He even ran for President using public matching funds, thus pledging to restrict campaign spending. Obama, on the other hand, refused to do that. Does no one pay attention in this country?"	12
"Did you expect a website that calls itself ""The voice of conservatism in Europe"" to like the Scandinavian model? I'm Danish, and while things aren't perfect here, I can see for myself every day that capitalism + democracy + redistribution of wealth works. Is it perfect? No. Is it better than unchecked capitalism or communism/socialism? I'd say so."	12
"Liberal talk radio failed and liberal cable news is failing as well. Blanket statement alert: conservatives like their echo chamber to be based on outrage (Fox News) while liberals like theirs based on humor (Comedy Central). Liberals find their release in laughing at things they don't like, conservatives find their release in getting angry at them."	12
"This is important to understand. The police response appears more heavy handed against blacks than other races because it is; and it is because the behavior of blacks requires it. At the end of the day, its the police who put their lives on the line and we need to give then the freedom to make the decisions that they think are right."	12
"WRONG! Below is an example of a strawman argument... >Person A presents topic 1 >Person B presents topic 2 which is a weaker version of topic 1 >**Now here is the important bit...** >Person B DISPROVES topic 2. HE DID NOT disprove his argument, therefore it is NOT a strawman. It is simply a counter argument that disproves the first assertion."	12
"also we need do something about organizations making ridiculas accusations about voter fraud designed to bump people of the voting rolls. A voter supression group called The Voter Integrity Project tried to get 30,000 voters off the voting rolls by claiming they where dead. After an investagation only 400 where found to be truely dead"	12
"> I thought that the whole point of living in ""the Free World"" was to be, you know...free or something? Maybe I was spacing out when I heard that. But why are people beginning to decide that attempting to control what people can or can't do to ""protect them from themselves"" is a good idea. Careful, son. That way leads to libertarianism."	12
"Labs generally are goofy and happy go lucky- but as a former groomer, I had waay more labs than pits get snappy while grooming/getting in and out of kennels. With that being said, the dogs in my experience were separated from their families and or nervous/overstimulated . . . Definitely didn't require shooting them or require ANY unnecessary force though- just"	12
"It's our new fight against terrorism. Ask any Tea Party or Republican and they will tell you that the Arabs attacked us because ""They hate our freedom"". In light of what's happening in Wisconsin and now in Michigan, we are slowing eliminating our freedom so that the Arabs will no longer hate us....... ??"	12
"Are you serious? Lol. >Gangs are generally okay if you don't mess with them or their business. It says a lot about how stupid the userbase here is based on the fact that this guy is upvoted for saying that and I am in the negatives for calling him out on it. And to be honest, I think 'generally okay' is even worse than saying 'not that bad'. Generally OKAY?"	12
"> It was a private school and we were all white (some the children of very rich people), and they let us go with a warning. Wait, you mean you got a stern talking to and to go home with your parents at the end of the night? The police treated it like some dumb kids and scared them then let the matter drop with no further legal action? *Hmmm*."	12
As a non-America? Seems to me nearly every country in the world is run by incredibly ignorant and incompetent people. Why is this something to ask Americans? No one is competent to govern countries of our modern sizes and complexities and government runs on institutionalized corruption. You don't need to ask Americans to know that.	12
"Go for it. I know it is correct. They also oppose net neutrality laws on similar grounds: That a corporation should be free to operate without government regulation. Their idea of ""freedom"" and ""liberty"" doesn't necessarily mean they are for your individual freedom and liberty. They're fine with unchecked corporate power, because corporations are peo"	12
"I said conservatives, not republicans. Gallup poll: Conservatives outnumber liberals >For the third straight year, conservatives outnumbered both moderates and liberals. >40 percent of Americans consider themselves conservative; 35 percent consider themselves moderate; and 21 percent see themselves as liberal. So there are literally DOUBLE the number of co"	12
"Another one falling for the 'they're all the same' fallacy. To counter your claim, the ACA was passed as law. That doesn't seem to affect the GOP's day-to-day at all. If your claim held water, then this entire situation wouldn't have occurred. You're falling for the GOPs rhetoric, as they planned."	12
Developing nations are more than capable of having their own native industries if allowed...as it is our big Western multinational move in and squelch the competition before it can be born - this is rather opposite the way that current 1st world nations developed (with lots of native industry) and creates *unstable* conditions where things collapse as soon as A	12
"How in the hell did you get that out of what I wrote? Are you *looking* for someone to tread on your viewpoint? I had one point, and it is: 50%+1 of Americans are not *most* concerned about the legalization of pot. In fact, I suspect that 50% don't even *consider* pot in any given day, pro- or anti-. Most people are worried about their jobs, the economy, t"	12
"Classic Paul. ""Government should not be involved in X...unless it's state government, then they should be allowed to get *all up in your personal life* without interference from the big, mean, federal government."" ""I am against government legislating our personal lives, long live government legislating our personal lives!"" Do you guys just stop listening aft"	12
"Yeah, Arbusto oil or some shit, then Bush bailed? ""In June 1990 Bush sold more than half of his shares in Harken to a Los Angeles broker named Ralph D. Smith. One week after the sale Harken announced an overall loss of $23.2 million triggering an investigation by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission into the sale."""	12
"You can't name anything. Of course there are a few random bills that were blocked that idiots like you will freak out about. The fact is that Obama got the great majority of his agenda passed, but it was all the wrong shit and the economy has stayed terrible because of it. ""tried for treason"" Brave and ignorant. Treason has nothing to do with political dispu"	12
"Palm to forehead, it is amazing how many Americans do not know what form of government they have . Be sure not to call it a ""constitutional republic"" unless you want to be down voted and labeled as a Tea bagger for referring to the Constitution. Up voted for teaching remedial government to those that need it."	12
"I know and I could write 50 pages about it. But that's not necessary. There is plenty of information available that shows that central banking plus fiat currency is a disaster. I believe that the forty year experiment with unbacked fiat currency is proof. The system is going to collapse. If you are defending the status quo, you are defending a nosedive off of a"	12
"Yeah you're full of shit, you know exactly what you said and now are trying to back track again. You knew exactly what you were implying and now feel stupid for implying it so you are looking for excuses to make yourself feel better. still I'm waiting for some kind of example of PFC Manning exposing war crimes."	12
"Don't kid yourself, this article is making the case that Paul is a less suitable candidate than Obama. To make that case, the article has to avoid the appropriate context, which is all of Paul's positions, and all of Obama's (including approving extra-judicial assassinations of US citizens, supporting the war on drugs, and supporting the Patriot Act/NDAA/SOPA)."	12
"I own a full-auto SIG SG 550, and I'm probably way better trained in its use than you'll ever be in any firearm. I still don't want my kids to be around guns. In Switzerland I haven't seen a non-military/non-police person carry a gun in public in the last 25 years. That is how it's supposed to be as far as I'm concerned."	12
"Yes, and...? So are you disagreeing that people don't pay much attention to the vice president? If you are, that certainly goes against anything I've ever read, including the words of some vice presidents. It wasn't really Biden's words they cared about, when he said that during the interview everyone wanted to hear the President say something about it."	12
"People have always been willing to give up *other peoples'* freedoms for any reason whatsoever because ""fuck you, got mine"". If a person doesn't take advantage of a given freedom, they don't care if it goes away. See: ""I don't care if the government listens in on my phone calls I'm not doing anything wrong!"""	12
"Common, it doesn't make it seem any less harsh. I cringe thinking how it would have affected parents with kids that had health issues out just picked up a snotty noise from daycare and had to go home. Considering I had 24 days of sick last year and at least 85% were related to my kid. Either he was sick, or brought something home from daycare. Etc"	12
"eh if you want to be pedantic like Howard_Blake, not really Einstein himself showed Newton's ""law"" of gravitation was only an approximation of the truth, and we know today that Einstein's theory of gravity is only an approximation itself we can only ever know if a theory is wrong (because it disagrees with experiment), we can't ever be certain if it's right"	12
"What she should be arguing for is to quit giving the banks the manipulated interest rates, not to expand the cheap credit. We're in an education bubble. It will pop. Expanding cheap credit will only inflate the bubble faster. The students are in debt, the schools are in debt, and giving them more debt at a cheaper price isn't going to reverse that. It's only go"	12
"Even if a third party candidate somehow managed to win they won't cut executive power. If you're going to be cynical be cynical because human nature would stop any future candidate from cutting back their executive power. Voting third party just changes the paradigm from ""lesser of two evils"" to ""lesser of three evils."""	12
">First, if you think the left = democrat and the right = republican, then you have a very skewed perception of what it means to be on the left or right of the political spectrum. Welcome to american politics. This is what the politicians have warped it into. Not accepting this fact is extremely dangerous. The classic definition of these things no longer app"	12
"Seriously, indefinite detention, what the hell is Obama thinking on that... I love that now they're making it easier to move someone from a civilian court to a military one. Because military trials have always been great. It's that kind of shit that is slipped into bills and budgets like NDAA that are really harming this country."	12
"Remember, we know what happens when you raise taxes on the middle class and cut takes for the rich, The middle class gets poorer and we have a wealth gap. If that makes Obama or me a warrior for the middle class, so be it. But I will not give my money to a bunch of rich people who already have enough of it... and use it to run MY life. Curse the strong"	12
"> ""He displayed behaviour and made jibes with the intention to insult. Police should be shielded from this type of language and the community cannot accept it's OK for a private citizen to tell police to f*** off,"" he said. Civilians aren't shielded from jibes and intentional insults. Are cops so universally weak that they need an extra protection here?"	12
"And yet those in charge who allowed the uncovered atrocities get nothing? Gitmo is still open, we are bypassing congress to go to war, continuously killing innocent ""militants"" and invading foreign countries. What he did was right in my opinion, with the current government I dont want any secrets, not when they lie to our faces with no recourse."	12
"Well, apparently there are competing ""paymasters"" and some of them believe in science, education, renewable energy, family planning, US infrastructure, the right to fuck who you want, and the like. If you just discovered people with more money have political power, that has been true for about 10,000 years now. That link you provided might be one of the most"	12
"And if the government can't fund healthcare for a subset of Americans, what makes you think the government can fund healthcare for a larger set of Americans? Funny how government failures are always ""they didn't have enough funding"" and never ""they're incapable of meeting their obligations"". Shit if you give me ""enough funding"" I can do damn well anything."	12
"I never said it wasn't man made, I said it wasn't ENTIRELY man made. ""some of Climate change is a natural occurrence."" Please read my post properly before trying to correct me on that. I am not arguing with you on your points as I do agree with them. Its just annoying when people say ITS ALL OUR FAULTS."	12
"I hate to say this, but can we stop beating this particular dead horse? The constant reminder that we no longer have 4th Amendment protection is just depressing. Cops conducted an illegal raid and murdered a Marine. Nothing will bring him back, the cops will suffer no consequences beyond a paid vacation, and 'murica will continue slouching towards the police s"	12
"Why? Because the Republicans wouldn't stand for it. Due to demographics, if 100% of the country voted, the Republicans would never win another national election. They can't talk about it, but they know it, hence all the ""anti-voter-fraud"" measures and having the Voting Rights Act nullified. They rely on low voter turnout to win."	12
">And the Shah was swept back into power by popular demand of the Iranian people. More so than your uninformed pop-history shit would let on. That's not to say he was a nice guy. But neither was Mossadegh. One of them was legitimate, one wasn't. One ruined the Iranian economy in their time in power, the other didn't."	12
"> Those who enforce the law cannot decide when or under what circumstances it is enforced. This isn't even close to true, and you know it. It happens every day at ever level of government. Does it bother you because it's this President, or because his administration has made a common-sense adjustment to the law?"	12
"You say that, but there are frequent reports of massive, profitable corporations that pay zero in taxes. And while corporate taxes are a concern, so too are effective tax rates on the upper class. CEOs and such. The whole thing is skewed heavily to favor those who already have wealth, as opposed to those who don't."	12
"CEOs are like like professional athletes. The best at making money for their shareholders earn the most money. Ultimately it's a Board of Directors that decides what it's worth to pay the guy/gal at the top to make them more money. If they don't pay the 10s of millions needed to aquire/keep top talent, their competitors might."	12
"Okay... here's the thing: you disapprove for a reason. ""All Muslims are out to kill us"" Is Islamophobia and leads to unfair bigotry. Do you, for instance, refuse to serve/interact with Muslims because they are evil? Or are you more likely to talk to them about your objections and start a lively argument?"	12
"But know this Rene, a lot, a very big **lot** of women absolutely do and will come to hate Speaker Gingrich. They vote with ideas like this and he will be paired against the unimpeachable character of Obama. I've been hearing women who hate politics and ignore anything beyond Dancing with the stars weigh in about what a fucking piece of shit Gingrich is. Car"	12
"Tax dollars at work. We, as a people, are punishing this man of conscience while protecting the people who decided to waterboard someone over 80 times. I don't think people get how painful waterboarding is. It's basically just like drowning except you don't ever get the benefit of blacking out. They give you just enough oxygen so you'll be awake for some more"	12
"Ok, seriously, do these guys think rape is like not wiping your feet when you enter a home? Why do they seem to keep downplaying it? And this case doesn't seem to be an attack on abortion, it's just some off-the-cuff comment. But he really does seem to think rape is not a big deal. Am I wrong in this?"	12
"Patented plant products have been around long before GMOs, and you're either parroting some anti ag tech BS you found, or you're making stuff up. All the companies I listed manufacture patented plant products. No one has been sued for mere incidental contamination, that's a myth that won't die."	12
"Yes, just a few bad apples, nothing to see here. It's totally reasonable to expect that a few bad apples can get away with systematic crime for years on end, often in public places, without any of their colleagues ever noticing, even if their colleagues professionally detect crime for a living. Sounds legit."	12
"And even then over 70% of Americans did not approve of it when it was made legal. Talk about ""activist"" judges! Meanwhile, polls show over 50% of Americans support same-sex marriage and it is STILL illegal. If we treated interracial marriage the way we treat same-sex marriage, interracial marriage would not have been legal until the '90s!"	12
"I reside with you, but I refuse to stake claim to this system as my republic until Senator Warren (or someone like her) is President once again. My republic died in 1803, her grave was looted in 1886 with the railroad cases and the Lockner verdict, and the Jekyll Island collective pissed on her remains."	12
"I like when people say ""You want philosophy X? But you had candidate in party Y! Surely all party Y believes X don't they?"" GWB is a neo-conservative Ron Paul is a libertarian Just because they both have a (R) after their name doesn't mean they agree on the proper scope, size, and role of government. Open your mind and stop stereotyping."	12
"I'm sorry, is the Supreme Court using the Fourteenth Amendment to enforce federal drug laws on the states? No? Your comment is entirely irrelevant to the position we're objecting to? Just checking, thanks. Nobody's saying the Federal government should have all the power. But it should certainly be able to protect civil rights from states that want to crimi"	12
"> but at least he wants to allow states This argument was already decided with Civil Rights in the 60's. There are states that will happily infringe on the rights of minorities if they are given the chance; whether they be religious, racial, or sexual preference minorities. Telling gays (or blacks or Buddhists) to ""move to another state"" isn't a good answer."	12
"Ron Paul abuse aside, I loved the part where they kept repeating the FALSE talking point that Obama wants to drop the work requirement for welfare. It's a lie, they were called on it by bipartisan fact checkers, but they keep repeating it. It's getting traction in focus groups do it doesn't matter that it's not true."	12
"We let them speed through our streets, detain anyone they please, and even arrest/taze/shoot us, all at their discretion. If they have the kind of personality that would allow them to get into a pissing contest with a couple kids who are obviously looking to get into a confrontation, they don't deserve to be peace officers."	12
"Divine Intervention or not. Events are not going the GOP's way. From not getting a bump from his VP pick, to a possible muddled convention. To constantly being on the defensive on the issues. And an unrelenting questioning of tax returns. The economy is not giving Romney the opening he needs. The only thing working for him is that he has a huge stack of cash"	12
"You can't claim to be against totalitarianism (I know you didn't say you were, but I'm assuming) and advocate ""culling the stupid"". I think the problem has far more to do with ignorance and misinformation than an incapability to understand. And even if half the population were retarded, they're still citizens. They deserve what small say we're allowed to hav"	12
Way to apply labels that are totally incorrect to discredit people for no reason other than you think you disagree with them. There is enough corruption in the way government handles it's money that people should be skeptical of everything they do. If you aren't skeptical then you aren't paying attention.	12
"So, so many things wrong with this video. This was a perfect example of the Gish Gallop and trying to refute what it's claiming is near futile considering how much stupidity was packed into it. It sounds like the creator of the video is proposing communism. There's a reason that's never worked in history -- it ignores the concept of incentives, and humans inva"	12
"You don't really believe that Reddit is hard core Anti-Semitic, do you? Criticizing Israel's fucked up policies is no different than saying Muslim terrorists are fucked up - you wouldn't go around thinking everyone hates all Muslims or Islam would you? I'm sure you respect Islam and Muslims and just don't like violent or evil people or violent or evil regimes"	12
"The world's second oldest profession: Outlaw some victimless activity that people are going to do despite prohibition, then run a protection racket on the supply, and bust any free-lancers to demonstrate what a great job you are doing. Bonus points for entrenching entire classes of society in making a living at it (includes cops, prisons, propagandists promot"	12
">if he can't slap China on the wrist cause the constitution tells him not to, he's a highly ineffective leader in a global society The constitution does not tell him ""not to"" It just does not explicitly state to intervene in another country's internal affairs and does not explicitly state that the United States is the moral authority of the world."	12
"We're talking about *police unions* here and not unions generally in case you didn't notice. I have noticed this tendency among pro-union people that every time a disgusting, criminal, horrible union like a police union is brought up, they immediately react as if someone is making an attack on all unions and the very concept of unions. Defensive much? Doesn'"	12
"LOL Fine by me. Lets send the executives and plant operator to jail instead. THats what would happen if I poured a bunch of oil on a local lake and set it on fire. IM glad you are here to show what Jefferson was talking about. >""Merchants have no country. The mere spot they stand on does not constitute so strong an attachment as that from which they draw their"	12
"wait a minute, i dont think at the same time you want laws and punishment to be based on morality because then you're trying to legislate morality and that's generally a bad thing. damages done to company like in this case shouldn't be based on whatever the company say. I don't think you need the immoral argument to lower the punishment of this sort."	12
"Even doubling the tax rate on everyone wouldn't pay off the annual deficit let alone the current national debts...we're careening towards the edge of the Grand Canyon of Economic Doom....let's cut the divisive ""republican vs. democrat"" bullshit....adopt a ""humanity versus fractional reserve banking"" mindset and oppose the creation of money out of thin air. End"	12
">And you ""just want to get high""? ‡_†_‡_† Yes. What's so wrong with that? I get that it's a lot more relevant for you, but you're still in a minority of those to whom weed concerns. A lot of people don't want to risk jail-time just because they enjoy partying. That's a big deal too and no laughing matter."	12
"Your idea would equate to a lot of single black mothers in prison because their gang banger child shot another gang banger child. About 500 per year in Chicago alone, and those are just the deaths. Should the parent(s) go to prison only if their child kills someone with a firearm? What if they just maim someone?"	12
"I bet a lot of ""criminals"" we're stopped this way, even if not, they will make up the stats anyways. It is odd that she visited the same place in mexico every month. That might of had something to do with the search. I will now stay far away from the border. Oh wait, nevermind I'd like to sue them for enough to make their lives hell."	12
Suuuure they do. Everyone is just all cheers and pom poms for ACA. http://www.nytimes.com/2015/01/06/us/health-care-fixes-backed-by-harvards-experts-now-roil-its-faculty.html?smid=tw-nytimes http://kff.org/interactive/health-tracking-poll-exploring-the-publics-views-on-the-affordable-care-act-aca/	12
"Americans scare so easy. That is why politicians use it . You would think it would lose power after time, but nope. The Bush/Cheney/Condi mushroom cloud worked so well, why not do it again and again. ISIS is no threat to us. They are a problem for the Iraqis and other middle easterners. ISIS is pretty busy right where they are."	12
"That headline... So now not raising taxes = a handout, and raising taxes = savings to the government. The only way this logic holds is if you take the position that all private capital in the country is owned by the government and the amount of money you earn after taxes is simply the size of the handout the government is giving you."	12
"Gun laws passed and what happens? http://www.aic.gov.au/statistics/violent%20crime.html Sexual assault up 21% Assault up 35% Kidnapping not down. Murder did go down slightly (after it went up) but then again murder is down in the US too and we have loads of guns. If guns are the fuel of murder, why is murder down to 1969 levels in the US even though there are"	12
Ok honey. Contribute to the fact that 41% of transgender people attempt suicide in their lifetime when the average is about 1%. I'm glad you get to feel all proud about yourself because you're clinging to some outmoded philosophy of ignorance. Words hurt my friend. It's reality and your mother should have taught you better.	12
"False optimism isn't a distinctive characteristic of the Clinton campaign, so much as it's a distinctive characteristic of *all* political campaigns threatened with defeat. All well and good that you wish that she concede. But expecting her to say ""we're rather disappointed"" or ""we're probably going to lose"" is just silly."	12
"Not even really ambiguous, for anyone with a brain. The term ""State"" has always referred to nations. It's the #2 definition in the dictionary. And I have yet to see this mind-numbingly obvious fact pointed out on a single media outlet, regardless of political leaning. And that is why America is on the decline, because we are literally this stupid."	12
"You can make up stuff all you want. The fact is, the bill gives doctors immunity if they intentionally withhold medical information from a woman in order to influence her decision. Furthermore, there is a long history in the Republican party of demands for doctors not only to be allowed to withhold information but to be allowed to withhold medical care itself."	12
">Stop pretending the south was defending some noble cause - it was defending slavery. The south was defending slavery and treason. And those who defend that are literally defending treason against the USA. People may have the right to argue in favor of treason against the US, but they shouldn't expect us loyal Americans to like it."	12
"How do you prosecute someone that can defund your office on a whim, have you arrested and get spook agencies to plant any degree of false evidence necessary to send you up the river for life? That's *after* you get past their ability to retroactively decriminalize any dirty dealings they're all involved in."	12
">I don't trust anyone that might make money off of this shit. Unfortunately, the people not making money off of this shit aren't anywhere *near* the shit, because they're busy doing their actual jobs. Even nonprofits have an incentive to push their particular slant on things to maintain their funding/salaries."	12
"> The doctor is not holding your life in his hands Except that he is. > you are free to go to another doctor. Unless there's not another cancer specialist? > You have no right no compel the doctor to do anything for you, unless he decided to do so voluntarily. That doesn't have anything to do with the problem. He is still coercing you through the market."	12
"""All the lazy people"" are only lazy because what a liberal is motivated by isn't hate and fear. It's easy to send someone to the polls on a single issue they are extremely afraid of. If something results in viewpoints which should not have equal representation because they don't have equal supporters, that is a win for the people, painting it as unfair is laugh"	12
"No, it will FORCE 25 million Americans to pay a company that's job is to fuck them protection money from bankruptcy unless they get too out of line. edit: I should mention I would vote for it. I support its better points. I wouldn't call it much of a reform. Its paying off insurance companies to be less evil, that is not reform."	12
"Exactly, the background checks work because we say so. Liberals will use facts about the ATF being neutered and background checks are not really done or this New York Times article about internet gun sales to prove they are right. Facts and Evidence have no place in politics. Also we know that felons need self defense too who are also part of the common folk."	12
"I was speaking specifically of Britain's policy of always having a navy twice the size of the next largest power (France, Germany, the US prior to the Second World War). I'm not going to rehash America's substantial role in winning the conflicts of the 20th Century. I will say that sometimes Britain gets relegated to an also-ran, which isn't really just."	12
"Your opinion on this matter is of low value. It's not the case that all opinions are equal. Some opinions are better than others, some opinions are stupid, some are destructive, some are useful or enlightening. Not all opinions are created equal and if you lack any discretionary skill whatsoever in judging between, you shouldn't assume everyone else is equal"	12
">Lack of a media shitstorm isn't good contradictory evidence. Haha. You want contradictory evidence, but you haven't provided any original evidence. The video doesn't prove voter fraud, and contrary to your assertion, a representative not complaining that someone from the other party stole their vote **is** pretty good evidence that no votes were stolen."	12
"Hey, relax, I said ""probably."" It's not meant to be taken personally, because it's just a guess. You probably don't understand that putting an innocent man on trial without substantial evidence is a grievous violation of conduct, but that's probably because you're a two-bit armchair jockey who has no actual familiarity with the law."	12
"> but Heller established that banning an entire class of arms is unacceptable. Really? Again, you seem to be imposing your imagination. Heller says pretty clearly that banning dangerous and unusual classes of weapons is allowed. And I think ""dangerous"" covers a VERY large subset of all weapons as being allowed to be regulated or banned from being carried."	12
"Forget Greece, look what they did to the soda companies, with aluminum price fixing, with huge storage's in Detroit. If I were Coca Cola or Pepsi Co, I would have a pull army of future traders to attenuate fluctuations in raw material pricing. Its time corporation feel scared of other corporations. We (puny humans) don't even matter in the whole scale of things"	12
"She must not get in. I plead to every voter for her. I'm not even in America, but if she gets in then the rest of the world will need to increase their supply of brown trousers. Over in Europe we had the reformation to sort all of that stuff out way before the USA even existed. Millions of people died for separate state and church. Just sayin'."	12
"failure to punish powerful white collar criminals will bring more crime in the future. when these guys commit crimes, the whole fucking planet weeps. that's why it's so important to enforce laws and deter future violations. capitalism doesn't work without law enforcement and sanctions for fraud. [alan greenspan admitted as much in his testimony]"	12
"When we're the old fucks, we'll be the generation of Americans that just assume of politicians that if their lips are moving, they're lying. And since life is a big circle, the youth of that time will believe every thing they hear. They'll be waiting for us to die off because we just don't trust the politicians who are only trying to make the world a better pla"	12
being outspoken about presidents is important though. Not enough spoke out when the 2000 election was stolen. Too few spoke out when a war was started using a lie in 2003. Too few are speaking out about our current NSA surveillance clusterfuck. Things need to be addressed and if you have to shout all the way to the top - so be it.	12
"The rapture didn't come for Harold Camping. In related news, the hockey stick temperature increases Al Gore was talking about didn't come either. Both take a leap of faith, and there's vast evidence standing in opposition. But at least the religious people aren't taxing you for not believing in Jesus."	12
"You're probably right, but so what? The electorate certainly values looks in a candidate, along with many other superficial characteristics. If Obama was missing one of his two front teeth and showed it on national television, he would not have been elected. Attractiveness matters. Seems to me you are pointing out the obvious."	12
"Since the one purpose of a gun is to kill, there does need to be a higher bar of responsibility. But I do believe if the owner of a car makes it accessible to someone else, in an irresponsible way(leave keys in car, etc), then yes, the owner should be be held culpable. You want rights without responsibility. Like a little kid."	12
"It's no secret that the Democrat party has been coopted by the intelligence community, meaning that the current leadership is strongly in favor of ""security"". We knew this on day one. If you just realized this, than you're almost three years late to the party. So, uhm, welcome to the party. It's true, Obama let himself get overrun by security interests."	12
"How is it that Bohener looks into the camera and clearly admits to passing out a bribe and then have the balls to say that they're trying to stop this. This is sickening. If that was then, I don't even want to imagine what he does now and how he's bribed. As a little guy in this country, I feel so powerless. Not saying that I had more power as a voter but I fee"	12
"Often times you don't have to actually answer any questions at the roadblocks. In some states, DUI checkpoints are implicitly consented to when getting a drivers license, but otherwise at the immigration checkpoints or whatnot you can completely ignore their ""are you an american"" question and just start spouting bullshit and they will just tell you to move alon"	12
"The religious right is petrified because it sees that its long insistence that women are inferior to men is being flouted by strong, powerful, innovative females the world over. To fight back, they wish to return us to the barefoot and pregnant days. Too little, too late guys. Keep pounding the nails in your own coffins."	12
">i get your point you payed more taxes and want to complain that Obama didn't cut your taxes. No, the only reason I spoke up was because you were saying that sales taxes should not be considered taxes nor should they be lumped into ""taxes you paid"". >Well I didn't buy anything and paid no taxes at all. So Can I say Obama Cut my taxes 100%?? No, I think we sh"	12
"The best part. Once these industries start getting big profits, big business will lobby/bribe congress to privatize it. Then they'll jack up the price and lower the quality while taxpayers get shafted. Yet again. Edit: All after fighting tooth and nail to kill these industries before they can even see the light of day."	12
"I understand the importance of such services, but I disagree strongly with the kind of compensation the people involved get. Besides, I have the feeling that nobody cares about risk management anymore and the whole system just became a big casino. That's why it is so scary to see the brightest people being lured into this instead of contributing to society in a"	12
"Thats it! Now we know why the repugs have any supporters at all. Their selfish bastards! The idea isn't to help those who are paying the hefty tax, its to pay for those not able to produce an income. Unfortunately not everyone in a society is going to be able to contribute to the economy; some will actually be drains (old people). shall we shoot the current"	12
"The general Democrat idea is to boost taxes on the Rich to pay for it. To be honest, we should've been doing that a long time ago, but this is as good a reason as any. Republicans, however, are throwing themselves bodily on the gears and wheels of the government itself to prevent just that. Democrats are shit, but at least they have SOME of their priorities str"	12
"I think I'll let the Supreme Court decide what is and is not part of Constitutional history when it comes to making decisions on the Constitutionality of issues that come before the courts. I mean, I know you Reddit liberals would like Franken replace the Supreme Court and decide cases himself while you furiously masturbate while listening to his very words, b"	12
"You do know that in many of those nations, the people who aren't starving, etc. are often happier than us? Human happiness has little to do with electronic gadgets, McMansions, or shitting in water. You can find many, many people with all the ""finest"" hallmarks of 1st world living who'd do anything just to have people who gave a genuine shit about them and wha"	12
"Because getting a dude thrown in jail is clearly preferable to simply talking to him about the nuisance. Why couldn't these alienated, impolite, shitty human beings have simply knocked on his door and said ""hey, we smell your pot, please take measures so that we don't have to""? I may have answered my own question."	12
"The surpreme court is the most powerful part of the United States government. Nominating a surpreme court justice and the subsequent approval process is *the* single greatest check and balance in the United States government. With 5 surpreme court justices in your pocket you could literally do anything you want, declare anything unconstitutional."	12
"The president is always somewhat popular. Really, really dumb people see authority figures as infallible, so a lot of them jump on the president's bandwagon. If it wasn't for the Republicans' obstructing, horrible legislation would destroy market confidence and violate economic principles. I wish they would obstruct more."	12
"I saw a TV report the other day about farmers not being able to get their crops picked/harvested. However, I didn't hear any of them offering to pay a living wage so that those in the country legally might work for them. So, screw you Farmer Redneck. I've never understood why the minimum wage laws don't apply to agricultural workers anyway."	12
"> Business should not depend on government to stay in business. But they *do* depend on government. > Our Constitution doesn't mention floating business as one of its specified powers. Maybe not, but we're still in a depression. > chronic deficit spending How about we invade the Cayman Islands instead?"	12
"Why are people arguing over this, they are the people that educate the future. $30k in 9 months or a year, who gives a fuck, they should be paid more so we can properly invest in our future as a nation. Do you think that $30k in 9 months is being overpaid for someone with a college education and who has the responsibility of educating hundreds of young people"	12
"plus, being short 1 vote for a supermajority is no excuse to not try. ""Oh but they threatened to filibuster"" THEN MAKE THEM FILIBUSTER. THEN WAIT THROUGH IT AND PASS THE LEGISLATION. I'm not even a fan of Obama, I think his policies are bad for the country, but the fact that his supporters don't demand that their leaders be more aggressive is pretty pathetic"	12
"And I (don't) love how apologists for the state always try to dodge the issue of organized government violence. If you think that violent solutions are preferable to peaceful ones, all I can say is that you probably have some family issues to work out. Meanwhile, there are plenty of other government worshipping apologists for violence to keep you company."	12
"80% of the lawsuits proving voter discrimination still occur in the districts covered by section V. Note, this isn't just ""alleged"", this is the ones that go to trial and are decided for the plaintiff. This is nationally, the vast majority are in these handful of states/districts covered. So clearly these districts have entirely reformed, right?"	12
"hahaha, yeah I mean we've cut 'em off from driving at a certain age, can't we do the same with voting, and maybe taking away their right for opinion? I mean, if someone was like 'OK! When you turn ___ you get to sit in this building with a bunch of people your age and smoke pot aaaaalll daaaaay long' Seriously, when we're all geezers, it WILL be like this :) ("	12
"Oh god, blackberries, the horror! Also, many ""weeds"" are beneficial. As are many insects. What isn't wholesome and healthy are those neighbors who spray pesticides and herbicides all over their perfectly manicured lawns to keep up property values. I'd much rather have weeds and blackberries than be exposed to that shit."	12
"So, the guy who had a custom made ceramic knife to hide in a hairbrush had a legitimate reason to have it going through airport security, and just forgot it was in his bag? There are plenty of ways to get around a scanner, I don't deny. But if a ship is sinking, you don't decide to not plug the hole because there will be leaks anyway, and someone might scratc"	12
"Right - having a permit does not make you a trained, veteran marksman who, like some sort of super hero, can see through the dark, ignore the the tear gas and shoot the spot on the killer's body not covered in armor. The screaming, stampeding people , flying bullets and action movie in the background would distract even the best trained soldier."	12
">it emphasizes being dicks to others for individual gain. For one, you're talking about Ayn Rand's objectivism, which has very little to do with libtertarianism. Rand was a harsh critic of libertarians when she was alive. Second, it's not about ""being a dick to others for individual gain,"" (neither objectivism nor libertarianism), it's about governance withou"	12
"If the middle class wants congress to do something to help them they need to stop voting Republican because god, guns and gays and instead vote for their economic best interest by supporting unions, increasing the minimum wage, and voting to increase government investment in education and infrastructure."	12
">Really? The man had no free will in the matter, and his personal safety required lethal force in this situation? Yes. A 65 year old man on a bicycle jumped by 3 teenagers, one of whom has already knocked the old man off his bike and caused him bodily harm... he can assume that his personal safety *required* lethal force. And the law also grants him this right"	12
"The British considered our founding fathers to be 'terrorists' when the revolutionary war broke out. Today, we consider these men the best of patriots. It makes me wonder how Bundy and those who support him will be viewed once the people of this country finally realize that they no longer live in a democratic nation."	12
LOL Really? A poll conducted by the climate change group at Yale is somehow valid? REALLY? If it had been conducted by a non partisan group I would give it some credence. It seems Gallup found most Americans could care less about climate change. Seems there isn't much validity to Yale Climate Changes poll.	12
"My college campus - where a big ""police oppression"" event took place - now has a group of Occupiers that have put up a big banner which states, ""REVOLUTION IS THE ONLY CULTURE"". And you know what? I'm pretty vocal about the horrendous job our Legislature is doing, but I'd rather stick with the status quo than those commies."	12
"I can prove Obama is not a wimp. All of his policies are conservative in nature. from supply side economics to infinite wars, Obama deeply believes in far right ideology. For him to be ""wimpy"" would require his beliefs to be the opposite. This wimpy meme is just another layer of denial about Obama's true nature."	12
">What Obama calls ""infrastructure"" is more federal money to police, fire fighters and teachers Really? From what I read of the bill, *outdated roads, bridges, trains, and airports* are included in ""infrastructure"". >He promised that unemployment would not exceed 8%. Source please. >You guys want to sign up for this again? Yes please."	12
"Clearly the police are misinterpreting the law or just using it as a way to cover their asses for letting someone they should have arrested go free. That being said, it wasn't even the cop's right to make that call. They know that this guy killed another person. Whether or not it was justified by the stand your ground law is something that a jury should decide"	12
"If you make under $40,000 (up to mid 50k with certain deductions), you don't pay taxes. They get it all refunded at the end of the year, and are also eligible for many social programs. This argument is fundamentally flawed. The middle class suffers most from this. Not the poor. Downvotes are fine, completely your prerogative, but I challenge you, if you downvo"	12
"I agree with you and obviously I could care less about karma or the opinion of the masses. It just pisses me off when people talk out of their ass (not you, the people who regardless of facts think Manning is a hero). Lastly, my last post was not about you in anyway so I hope that you didn't take it as me ranting on you."	12
"Sure, and it's in the audio and video the police won't release (wonder why!). Even then you're ignoring that the alert company called and that he cracked the door and verified he was fine. That his niece was in the hall and probably could have been allowed to talk him down or let them or her in. Or you know, you can just ignore facts."	12
"> Almost as if rehabilitation is the only reasonable solution remaining. If she sticks to it, which many addicts do not. Better not to risk it, and not to let her get away with the real damage she has already done. You think a mom should just be able to give her kid fetal alcohol syndrome and suffer no consequences? That is pretty messed up."	12
"If you want to talk about old-fashioned ways, you must be referring to civilized duels that even one of our Presidents took part in. Those were ""settling things"" between two people at an agreed upon time. It's not like driving by in a car and openly firing on a crowd because you hope to kill the one guy you want to actually kill."	12
"drunk driving *on a public road* is illegal in and of itself, just like not complying with the rules for a licensed seller of alcoholic beverages or not complying with the rules for a licenses airplane pilot. This is because you are not complying with the rules for a licensed driver on public roadways, which is illegal."	11
"It's not only Republicans that pander to big Defense and other industries that aren't necessarily looking out for ""our future success"" - and by the way, who's success are you referring to? The future success of the elite ruling class is a lot different from the future success of the American middle class."	11
Over half the people on welfare are kids. I suppose eating makes them dependent for life. Throwing them in the streets without food would teach them a powerful life lesson. Food stamps give lazy people 1.50 a meal to purchase caviar and lobster. That kind of lush living makes people want to stay in that spot all their lives.	11
"I'm leaving. I signed up to go to school in Beijing at BLCU to learn Chinese. This will cost $3,500 a year at a great school in one of the biggest cities on Earth. I will proceed to get a good job in China because I worked for a green energy company and will be able to speak Chinese. The moral of this story is get out while you still can."	11
"No business should understand that happy employees are much more productive and much more of a benefit to their company than un-happy ones who are unhappy because they barely make enough to survive and are working themselves to death to just barely hang on. So the business that realizes this, will blow all these slave wage loving businesses out of the water. Si"	11
Are we really going in this circle again? These are clearly not the same event from 2 angles. The action in the first video is plainly intended only to beat students who have nothing to do with the tents other than attending the same event as the tents. But I guess the line for justifiable force for you is being sent to the hospital. If you've got nothing e	11
"If you don't like tax loopholes, you don't need a flat tax. Eliminate the loopholes. But of course ""common sense conservatives"" would not dream of doing such a thing. They seem to think nobody's noticed that they have been in power for 8 years in the most recent stretch and all they did with taxes was to reduce them - for the rich."	11
"Dang it most people in the US who are below the official poverty line are unemployed. Only 2.5% of ""poor"" in the US have full-time employment. Plus the fact that someone at the poverty line in the US has a higher standard of living than most people on the planet. Poor is living on $1 a week without access to clean water or a nutritive diet."	11
"I'm not going to dig up all the sources for you because you have google &amp; can do it yourself, but check out this article from Jan. http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2013/01/17/marijuana-possession-arrests_n_2490340.html If mere possession arrests outweigh violent crime arrests I'd say that's evidence enough our priorities are way wrong and this."	11
"What I mean is, if you start pointing out to lawyers that the commerce clause has been reinterpreted to mean the opposite of what it says, and that every lawyer is taught to put their fingers in their ears and go NANANANANAANANA whenever anyone mentions the IXth and Xth Amendments... They claim that as long as we elected the fuckers, it's OK."	11
"She stated that she though that charity was only a minor virtue, and that charity, properly conceived, is not self-sacrifice. You could honestly want and take greater satisfaction in giving money or your time to someone else. The point was that self-sacrifice preaches that the action is not virtuous *unless* you'd rather have the money or time yourself, and ins"	11
"you aren't entitled to say whatever you want. you have free speech, but you cannot yell fire in a crowded theater or make slanderous/defaming statements that are totally false. that ad is beyond misleading. they claim to be from exxon and say they hate children. it's definitely not protected by free speech. it's misleading in its entirety. ask any L1 stud"	11
"It doesn't hurt that his idol is Ayn Rand, who would rise from the grave to throttle him if possible. Well, that and Rand, while interesting as a philosopher, was absolutely not in favor of the policies that modern Republicans espouse. I guess the silver lining there would be that Rand wouldn't much like the Democratic positions either!"	11
"As a Canadian, I'd tell them to go ahead and secure it. Most terrorism has headed north across the border, not south. Anti-Cuban bombings, anti-abortion sniper shootings, anti-Papal-visit bombings, biker gang bombings and shootings, and a continuous flow of criminally imported guns, all heading north."	11
"He raised their pay and created all the services around it including housing and childcare. It was an ingenious trap. Ford then jacked up the hours and no one could afford to quit. He owned them. This is why, when the depression hit and 3 workers were shot by private security at the gate, Ford had **machine gun nests** put up around his home."	11
"Um have you ever lived in Compton, long Beach, watts? Because I have, and as an ex soldier I would still say that statistically it's less likely to die in Iraq than in Los Angeles. Either way that's not my point. My point is that it's not just that the media makes us fear rape and murder, it's that there actually is a shit ton of rape and murder. More so than"	11
"It's not so much stupidity as it is widespread insanity and delusion. Militaristic ""patriotism"" is a religion in America; as stated in the article Americans using ""support the troops"" as a substitute for thought. There are genuinely intelligent people who truly believe that we are the ones to set things right globally. That we're right when 90% of the world thi"	11
"There are robots for all of those jobs. Some hardware, some software. We don't need non-glamourous, unskilled or semi-skilled human labor anymore. So, unless we decide to reorganize our economic system, we're going to see a mass die-off of people by 2050 at the latest due to a mix of economic pressures, acting on those pressures, and government killing of th"	11
And that's only for colon cancer. Pick nearly every other type of cancer and the US comes out well ahead of every European nation. http://mjperry.blogspot.com/2009/08/5-yr-cancer-survival-rates-us-dominates.html > It's almost as if the increased money we spend saves lives. That couldn't possibly be!	11
"How do we clean up politics? 1. Provide that public elections are publicly funded. 2. Limit, and make transparent, independent political expenditures. 3. Reaffirm that when the Declaration of Independence spoke of entities, ""endowed by their Creator with certain unalientable Rights"", it was speaking of natural persons only. * rootstrikers.org"	11
">What if another 9/11 happened, you don't think politicians might call for all Muslims to be rounded up? It happened to Japanese before. An armed population is needed to keep the government in line. I'm having a reallllllyyyyy hard time picturing gun-toting rightwingers out defending Muslims from being placed in internment camps. I mean, like, a **really** ha"	11
"> Might that have something to do with the fact that the Waltons have 'earned' 40% of our nation's wealth? They have as much ""wealth"" as 40% of the country when you count the 23% of the country that has a negative wealth. You could also say that a homeless person with no debt has ""more wealth"" than almost this same percentage of Americans... WHY AREN'T WE TAXI"	11
"Well yeah. *Constitutionally,* the VP has no powers besides the ones you described. But what makes you think that Dick Cheney gives a damn about the constitution? If you read any historical accounts of the Bush administration (I recommend Bob Woodward's ""Plan of Attack"") you can see a lot of evidence of Cheney acting on his own."	11
"> Thus, it could be argued their over-reach in this regard is significantly diminishing future share-holder value. I disagree. The share-holders determine the value; if they thought that verizon's behaviors were harming their future holdings significantly, they would sell. The profit-maximizing construct is fine. It is the shortsightedness of the shareholders"	11
"> Because competition for that profit tends to lower prices overall. > This tendency doesn't seem to hold in the health care industry, But we have very little competition in health-care, due to excessive government regulations. That's exactly *why* we need less government involvement in health-care, not more."	11
"For the record, I stopped giving a crap about the whole shebang a while ago, thanks for the clear and concise update, besides that, the CIA tends to do what it wants regardless of weather it makes sense. Like drone bombing people in Yemen, then coming back around for the first responders 30-45 min later, so... Eh. whether damn it"	11
What is a good common sense law that does not restrict law abiding citizens? There is none because the criminals don't give a fuck about the law. Short of reducing the number of weapons in circulation controlling weapons is not going to fix this. And reducing the number of weapons in circulation will just cause a civil war.	11
"The CBO must be run by a bunch of wives. My wife goes out to the store for a $5.00 pair of slippers and comes back with hundreds of dollars worth of shoes and related footware products. She then proceeds to tell me that she ""saved"" us a few hundreds dollars because they were all on sale for 50% off."	11
"No tangible benefits to America? Forcreal? Putting aside the private technological innovations that Israelis have contributed to society (and Americans), Israel shares a ton of technology with America and a ton of middle east intelligence. To act like its a purely one sided relationship is crazy. Just because America is big and Israel is small doesnt mean tha"	11
">One of the least excusable of today's injustices is that in this country of unsurpassed wealth, it's an abomination that the power elites are casually tolerating poverty pay as our wage floor. How deplorable that they can actually juxtapose the words ""working"" and ""poor"" without blinking, much less blushing Sounds right to me."	11
"I think it's entirely possible that a President Paul would stand firm, forcing Congress to compromise--either entirely give in to his demands of the moment, or to internally agree to override Paul's vetoes. Edit: if two branches of government are ideologically radical at the same time, then the economy is almost certainly doomed, sure."	11
I'm perfectly healthy and have no medications that I'm on. I currently carry insurance for a catastrophic event ($8k deductible) for about $400 a year and see a doctor that gives discounts for cash customers. In 2 years I'll be spending about $5000 a year on insurance which is currently my disposable income. I'm pissed. At least it's helping people that need i	11
">the 2000-2001 years Who was the president in 2000? >But you do try to limit spending... No, that is the very point, you don't. >we could have managed a little better than fuck-all. It is really easy to say someone didn't do enough when all you have to suggest is that they do ""something"", but you can't say what."	11
"Elizabeth Warren comes off as what a Democratic candidate should be. Hillary Clinton would be, like Pres. Obama, another moderate-Republican. I commend her for her service and hard work- but this country doesn't need more moderate-Republican policy. We have tried it for 30+ years now. It doesn't work."	11
"The Bush tax cuts for the rich have been a disaster from the start, as do all tax cuts for the rich. Instead of robbing from the poor and middle class (by taking away jobs, decreasing benefits, lowering pay, etc.) to give to the rich, we should have a more balanced system. What direction do we want America to go, towards the Brazilian model or the Swedish mod"	11
"It says it in the bill...we're outraged because people walking down the street, in a shop...anywhere...can be questioned by police. Before if they didn't ""probable cause to believe a crime was being committed"" they didn't have the right to ask anyone for ""their papers""...Be real about this, and truthful. Please."	11
"Identify those companies and stop buying stuff from them when possible. Edit: Occupy doesn't seem to be about the 99%'s inability to use the system. The protesters feel that the system is stacked against them. It isn't, it's just harder for 297 million people to organize themselves and decide where to put their money."	11
"You would be totally correct, and many still believe the lie that businesses create jobs. They don't. Need creates jobs. If you want to downsize your business, by ask means, that's your right, but you won't reduce the need, and someone who is happy making 1 million a year instead of 1.2 million will gladly fill in for you."	11
"Blasphemy laws are utter garbage. In Australia's history I believe only one person has been found guilty of blasphemy, and this was in the late 1800s. Even the Judge thought it was a bit over the top seeing as this guy was just a raving loony. ""Piss Christ"" couldn't even be found blasphemous is court."	11
">As much as it can be unpleasant to live in a country where even lies are protected speech, I much prefer that to living in a country where they throw people in jail for ""religious hatred."" You act as if there is nothing in between. It should be a rule that if you call yourself a news organization you're subject to different rules."	11
"Ha, ha! Good idea! But she probably only thinks that one 'Book' has been all she's needed to read. And she probably hasn't even read THAT one all the way through. She certainly missed the part about ""But the meek shall inherit the earth; and shall delight themselves in the abundance of peace."""	11
"At least we know he didn't get there legitimately. You see, from what I understand of political scientists, if it's a legitimate election, the political process has ways of shutting that whole thing down. That whole thing being troglodytes like Broun or Akin being allowed anywhere near positions of responsibility. Or sharp objects, for that matter..."	11
"they would change the constitution to be a christian nation, destroying a great ideal created at country conception. they don't want personal liberty - they want to know if you are smoking joints and having sex with women out of marriage (or, gasp, men). They want to make rape victims carry the baby to term. I don't get how that is freedom."	11
">requirement that the threat be imminent. Again, someone following you is not a threat. If Zimmerman pulled the gun before anything else happened, then Martin would be completely justified in hitting him. But there is no evidence to support this hypothesis, and the evidence that exists works against it."	11
"this is the exact same question I brought up to my religious friend. she wants abortion illegal but wouldn't punish the girl. I told her that if you would send a murderer to jail for life, but you wouldn't punish a girl for having an abortion, then you don't believe it is murder. she had much the same response as the bishop. changing the subject, not answer"	11
"Why is this being downvoted? They are almost certainly trumped up charges. A man with no history of sexual misconduct ""rapes"" two volunteers at the same conference? Come on. If all the Swedes want to do is question him for investigative purposes they could do that over the phone. No need to extradite him."	11
"Right now that's the worst thing you could do. You do that and you will become the poster child for the anti American sentiment of OWS. Just look at how the ""conservative"" media is trying to tie the White House Shooter to the Occupy movement. They are trying to divide the public in the same way they always have."	11
"you'd think lawmakers would be good at...writing laws. well thought out impact analysis, conformity to desired policies, elegant phrasing to draw clear lines of what is ok and what is not ok...but..their/our laws seem to be like a hodge podge mess... i guess because their first career isn't law-making, it's politics. ah well... so sad.."	11
"For one thing, the economy has stablized, healthcare reform exists, and basically effective management practices are in place in the White House. These things happened under Obama, and what the country needs most, is to continue with the same kind of policies, not seek radical changes that would destroy much of the recovery that happened over the last 8 years."	11
"But remember, if the sea levels don't rise; that is really a sign of global warming ... uhhh climate change. See when the sea levels rise, that is because we produce too much carbon, but when the sea levels fall that too is because we produce too much carbon and when the sea levels stay the same ... again we produce too much carbon. We really need to do so"	11
"I have trouble with his appointments. I have trouble with all presidents appointments. Geithner was a regulator who did not regulate. Paulson was a Goldman exec who made a billion dollars while running the bank. There were plenty of good economists who warned us about what would happen, yet they were ignored in cabinet appointments. The insiders who warne"	11
"The whole argument is rife with it. I don't have a source, but essentially they believe that free access to birth control and pregnancy management would ""eliminate the risks and costs of having sex"". Those risks and costs are money, money, and money and some Conservatives HATE it when a poor person might have a chance at not being burdened with debt."	11
"Maybe the college fuckoffs, I've been libertarian since I was born- have someone living in my house who can't pay rent because of hours cut, I limit the amount of money I pay for food so he does not get government assistance instead. I fix peoples computers for free, mainly to gain experience but also just to help- if I was a doctor I'd do the same."	11
"Yeah... well, at least in the US they have an independent judiciary, in both name and practice, and freedom of expression. Sucks if you're not american and live in another country, but at least in america, you're not likely to have the government disappear you if you have something bad to say about them."	11
"I'm from Maine, and I mostly agree with your assessment, but I'd put live-free-or-die libertarian NH ahead of RI. EDIT: NH has highway exits directly into tax-free liquor stores for Chrissakes. AFAIK, they're the only state in New England who sell fireworks. No sales or income tax. That's badass."	11
"And the fingerprints all over the document were a perfect match for Karl Rove. The fact of the matter is that Bush did evade his responsibility, whether or not that particular document was a fake. So the story was true, even if the evidence might have been faked. And that is the much more important issue."	11
"Who's burying their head in the sand? I inform myself with a wide range of reputable sources, not a collection of repetitious partisan storylines. When dailykos and americablog scream ""fraud fraud fraud!"" they do so without any shreds of credible evidence. Here is a nice read if you want a little bit of perspective, which frankly I doubt you want. It's much eas"	11
"That's just ridiculously bad inference. We should take a look at things with no demonstrable purpose or benefit that pose a designed, demonstrable and significant threat, sure. Feel free to list things, I'm guessing some sensible debate can be had about all of them. But gun nuts aren't interested in sensible debate. It's just filtered as ""banning everything"""	11
"Actually this was explicitly included in the the concurrent ruling. Part of the law says if the government wishes to pass a law that conflicts with religious practices, that must be the only practical way to achieve the desired goal, which was not the case. If the government wanted these birth control options covered 100%, it could simply subsidize them 100%."	11
"And you're acting like being manhandled by a cop won't hurt her either. She's resisting and has to be subdued. That's going to hurt, whether it's a taser or a person. Of course tasers hurt. That's precisely how they incapacitate. They're designed to hurt. The point you're missing is that a person that needs to be subdued has lost the expectation of pain f"	11
"Did you read what you posted? The definition /u/teddilicious gave you, which you said does not meet the legal definition you posted, is literally in the legal definition you posted, word for word. >1.1An undertaking by the authorities to take no action against specified offenses or offenders during a fixed period"	11
"Because it much more directly targets the issue you raised. Estate tax affects rich people passing on their wealth to their children, who may or may not ""deserve"" it. Income tax affects everyone. Furthermore, if you inherit wealth and just live off that without working more, you don't pay income tax because you don't have income, you have wealth."	11
"Over the years I've found that people detest those who are capable of self sufficiency. It's bigger than racism, bigger than homophobia, both guaranteed to make the news daily. Most peolpe know they are inept prisoners to ""the system"". They can't get away. They both fear and hate people that are truly not ""needy"", and will fuck with them relentlessly."	11
"I've been wondering about Egypt. It sounds like they're getting a failed faux ""democracy"" just like the US. Old dictator with lots of baggage moved out and silenced... check. New CIA plant (Suleiman) installed in shadowy government... check. Sounds a lot like the Bush->Obama transition, frankly, except Bush left on better terms with the CIA."	11
"I don't think you get how Al Qaeda works. It's supposed to be a highly decentralized ""organization"". Anyway, it doesn't matter. Password list? Self destruct passwords? Seriously? (What is your obsession with passwords? Aren't you supposed to be using cryptographic keys, etc.?). Next thing you'll show me is a drawing of a complex cave system complete with ventil"	11
"The appeals process is expensive and takes years, costing millions of dollars in the end, far more than the prison maintenance cost of a life sentence. You could cut that process out, but you would end up executing a lot more innocent people. I'm on my phone and don't have the stats immediately at hand, but ask around reddit, the facts are widely available."	11
"Ron Paul is penny wise and pound foolish. The unemployment rate for college graduates is significantly lower and their pay is higher. They contribute more economically, thus providing a college education is an investment. This is why Obama wants legislation to push costs down as opposed to simply telling people not to go to college."	11
"George W. Bush being president for eight years is pretty good proof. During the Cold War, had the son of a powerful ex-KGB director been president for eight years, no one in America or Europe would have wondered whether or not something was afoot. Because it happens here, it's just easier to pretend that anything having to do with power and politics just hap"	11
"Yeah, I remember all the assorted crazies on the news nearly every night. Pounding drums, shrieking about how evil Bush is. Burning Bush in effigy, Monkey Bush, Hitler Bush. The Iraq war was all fascism and imperialism. > Then as soon as the other party gets in the White House, suddenly the 'usual suspects' of crazies fall silent."	11
">It is in corporations best interest to shut down how open the internet is It is in the interests of a few corporations to close off the Internet. the other 99.999% will be really hurt by doing that. The more they tighten their grip, the more freedoms will slip through their fingers. There will always be a market for freedom."	11
"There used to be a time when senior leadership would smack down the freshman legislators for trying to push wacky ideas. I'm not sure how McConnell (or McCain) could have ever thought that this letter was a good idea, even politically. Either they have totally lost control or they are so far inside the bubble that they just can't see it and are continually b"	11
"You can believe that, but it's a different issue. Obviously the ACA wasn't done out of spite. However you feel about it, trying to sabotage it with the cost falling to the constituents is bullshit. Don't like it? Fine, fight it the way laws get fought. What's happening instead is folks get fucked over out of spite. It is childish and morally reprehensible."	11
"I don't want to pull the country in either the R or D direction, sorry, they won't get my votes. And, yes, I'm very active on the ballot initiative front. ""We"" do a much better job running our country than ""they"" do. I want IRV also, and will fight for it, but in the mean time, I'll continue to vote L."	11
Yes. Statistically insignificant numbers are being reported as news. They do this all the time. Intellectual dishonesty has become the bread and butter of journalism. I'm starting to think the only way to stop this is to inform offending journalists' universities in hopes that they will revoke their degrees.	11
"> One wounded enemy takes out three enemy because it takes two to carry. Unless, just by chance, the enemy doesn't care about that. A gun is a weapon that is designed to kill. It has no other function than to kill. The reason it is used to kill is entirely dependent upon the one who is using it, but that does not change the fact that a gun is a weapon made to"	11
I blame the special interests because they stood in the way of universal single payer all these years. You do realize that we are paying 2-3 times what countries with socialized medicine pay? That would certainly cut down on the unsustainable rise total health care spending vs. GDP. We also need to move away from the fee for service model.	11
"Sorry man. I'm an engineer. When I see people just totally butcher basic scientific logic and reasoning, I get a little anal about it. The sad thing is that I thought reddit would be on board with me calling out someone who posted a clearly flawed video and analysis and trying to pass it off as some sort of proof."	11
">why is a cops life more valuable then a normal persons. >why is a rapists life more valuable then a normal persons. You are equating cops to rapists. Or maybe I really am failing to understand your point, maybe you could rephrase it? >I doubt you'd be so {self righteous, happy, other positive things} if he killed a {rapist, bag of puppies} instead of a cop."	11
"> It's funny how the SOPA protests were all 500% more effective than Occupy protests. Why? Glad you asked. Because SOPA would have cost large corporations immense profits. It was only after they joined the fight, and became out temporary mascots, that the government's collective ears perked up a bit."	11
Illusion of choice argument again. We should create a link to an established diatribe on how democracy works in the American electoral system. Then maybe the people making the argument that it's the voters fault for approving corrupt politician #2 instead of corrupt politician #1 would climb down from their soapbox.	11
"It's an Oligopoly, with no incentive to truly ""compete"". Is it any wonder that things seem the same irrespective of which ""party"" is in power? The challenge is how to throw the yoke off and keep the republic intact. Note how the Egyptian military is increasingly ""hijacking"" their movements toward democracy."	11
"The law states that the government cannot endorse any specific religion, not that church and state should be separated. In other words, if I worked for a government building, they can*not* tell me I can't practice my religion, nor can they tell me what religion *to* practice. No separation, just no endorsement."	11
"see, you're walking your statement back again you said he was close to cancellation. you didn't say it looked bad or rings an alarm bell. syndicated shows lose advertisers and affiliates all the time. i'm not saying it's not a problem. but saying it means he's anywhere close cancellation is just you seeing what you want to see."	11
the sequester is Obama's suggestion. How do you like your trillion dollar stimulus that accomplished nothing and Obamacare that was supposed to stimulate the economy now. Obama almost doubled the deficit in 4 years. http://www.cbsnews.com/8301-503544_162-57400369-503544/national-debt-has-increased-more-under-obama-than-under-bush/	11
"> I'm asking about people who generally trust the market vs. people who generally trust government. With regard to what? You are implying ""with regard to everything."" That is why you are creating an unwarranted dichotomy. You want one extreme rule to encompass everything. All market v. All government. If you read the posts on this thread you will see that peo"	11
"He doesn't get ""free"" healthcare, it is part of his benefits for working at his job. No different than anyone else who gets health insurance provided by their job. There is a big difference between the government providing insurance to it's employees and providing insurance to every single citizen regardless of their contribution."	11
"""The freedom of the people to keep and bear arms shall not be infringed"". I have no problem with background checks. The laws that the gun control advocates want to pass however will not help. In CA there is a bill that will make ALL semiautomatic long guns illegal if not vetoed. so In a way yes they are trying to ""take our guns""."	11
"> What a concept ‚Äî tax the people who have the money, instead of punishing people who don't? Actually, the concept is taxing those who have money because the infrastructure and stable society benefits them more by allowing business to take place and money to be made. It isn't about punishing the wealthy, either."	11
"You know, when I made this username I thought the Heaven's Gate folks *did* drink koolaid, but apparently I was mistaken. Either way, though, your point is valid. But it's not like I'm some crazy cult leader or aspirational cult leader. Rather, just an atheist who finds absurd the human propensity to follow and believe."	11
"There was no shield from illegal surveillance. The immunity was only for civil (i.e., privacy) lawsuits. If you know of any illegal activity by the telecoms by all means proceed with lawsuits against them. There is *no* immunity for illegal acts. [Edit] Why am I getting downvoted? My post is absolutely correct. If you know of any warrantless wiretaps then"	11
"That would be because the suburbs are a completely unsustainable type of lifestyle. They are ruinous environmentally and are dependent on massive subsidies by the government to keep them going (as in roads, etc.) The whole point of setting up mass transit is to transition to something that can work for the long term."	11
"It isn't fraud, ethically, at least, (IANAL) unless she knowingly deceived to gain employment. She allegedly was openly gay the whole time, and even asked within the scouting organization about the no-gays policy, and was told that it was no longer applicable. No deception, no fraud. If the scouts done fucked up at recruiting, that's hardly her fault."	11
"Two words: Mata Hari. Seriously, when you're working with secure materials, you really, really shouldn't be playing doctor with hookers, and then stiffing them on the bill. Security risk, theft risk, and outright idiocy. I admit there are defintiely more important news stories to cover (like the rest of the conference), but some heads deserve to roll for this"	11
"Yes, a lot of tests are to rule out bad things because when doctors get sued, even if it doesn't go anywhere it has base costs in wasted time, settlements, lawyer fees, etc. But mostly you're just paying for everyone else who isn't paying. What's not to like, isn't this the socialism everyone wanted?"	11
"No, I don't see it. Sorry but I don't think the American population can vote out of their rigged system to do or fix anything. Any meagerly assembled attempt is going to be drag through the mud bureaucratically while the big companies literally squash it with a big pile of cash. The rich will own the banks, own the law and buy the 51% vote to keep themselve"	11
"The obvious thing to do with it is to offshore more work and more projects overseas - that way you can even take a loss, technically on your operations abroad. The high corporate tax screws American business AND American labor, but the brainwashed zombies of liberalism will insist on a 35% corp tax and wonder why they don't get much revenue out of it."	11
> But I will rail against the naturalistic fallacy and paranoia that characterizes much of the anti-GMO crowd. Why do I have to be anti-gmo? Why can't I be pro-information? Why don't I get the ability to know what I put in my mouth on the idea that people are fearful and too stupid to learn what GMO means?	11
You're wrong here. The divisions regarding military actions have never been clearly defined and those lines that have been defined were not or have not yet been crossed by Obama. The War Powers Resolution allows for military force without authorization for 60 days but with notice of 2 days. Obama has done this.	11
"I can see how on the outside it may seem like Obama has best interests at heart, but in the end, he is as misguided by his pretenses as Bush was. Again, I point to his recent poll numbers. He is way out of touch with the common folk but portrays himself as the answer to America's problem, and all he is really doing is making it worse."	11
"Just because we're doing something wrong currently doesn‚Äôt give us license to exasperate the situation. I don't agree that we should be forced to pay for Medicare. Also if universal healthcare were implemented, it would cost me, you, and all working people MUCH more than what we're paying today for Medicare‚Ä¶"	11
"No. It was the smart thing to do. Where would he have been buried? In America? In Afghanistan, in Saudi Arabia? How would you keep the funeral or the grave site from being a target? Who do you release the body to? How do you keep the grave site from being a shrine? No. In my humble opinion, they did the smartest, and only possible thing they could do."	11
The Federal Government wants gray areas and unclear policy. It wants states to have medical marijuana programs so they can send the DEA in to make arrests and seize property/money. Isn't it painfully obvious the whole point of the War on Drugs is to keep the black market strong enough to make endless arrests and seizures?	11
"While I see how Uganda's anti-gay laws are unique in that they were pushed and prodded along with the help of some American evangelical crack pots, there are a lot of anti-homosexuality laws in the world. Should we pass bill's that go after those as well, even if they happen to be nations on our best-buddy list as far as energy economy is concerned? Edited: sp"	11
"The ""could care less"" thing comes down to use of conditional forms, generally subbed under grammar, rather than sentence construction and semantics. ""Could care"" is, essentially, two words making one verb, like ""will run"" to create a future tense verb, or ""had been looking""... Shit, you don't actually care anyway. Back to my coffee."	11
"Sometimes, we don't agree on things. Any form of government will include ""coercive transactions"". If you think otherwise, you are living in la-la land. Your last bit really didn't make much sense except to reiterate that what you are interested in is greed, to the exclusion of any long term effects that might follow from that."	11
"I'm seeing more of this type of disrespect for the U.S. President today. Is this the kind of example we want to set for younger people? The presidency is a very demanding job. People should understand that and respect the person in that position, regardless of how you feel about the decisions he is making."	11
"Two extreme parties battling it out. They are so similar in their starve the beast, kill unions, privatize prisons, no health care, free market will save us all policy. Thankfully they are both groups whose current leaders seem to believe that compromise is unclean, so they cannot come to terms with sharing the extreme right."	11
"Yeah. Knowingly breaking a law with that level of punishment, no matter how dumb it is, means facing the consequences when you're caught. People would still be saying it's a victimless crime, and it is all the same, but all that really matters in reality is the letter of the law. Don't like it? Work to change the law."	11
"upvoted for fact-checking =) >according to polls, Americans are approximately as likely to believe in flying saucers as in evolution but since when is believing in flying saucers mutually exclusive with believing in evolution? =/ (ps. i prefer to say that i accept the theory of evolution, and don't believe that god created the world in six days...)"	11
BUT the agency funding has been hurt through inaction causing lax oversight while more inaction keeps the agency heads unfilled and the laws governing the agencies as out dated. Inaction is a really lame thing that ripples through our entire government and is the end game for starve the beast proponents (along with judiciary overreach).	11
"he is too into the political dealings and saying what needs to be said to get votes. He does not have any real core political beliefs like father. I did not agree with half the things that ron paul said but I would vote for him just because he was honest and had real political beliefs that he did not back done from for any reason, rand paul has none of this"	11
"And, I imagine the Obama camp expects it, and have already inoculated the public discourse against it. I'm actually pretty impressed with the adept-ness of the Dem campaign this cycle. McCain et al are getting their asses handed to them. Palin, while showing some early signs of win, has proven to be an *epic* failure - its all downhill from that."	11
"A guy I went to high school with was sentenced to twenty years for selling LSD, at age 17. He could have been out in less than ten. He has since been sentenced to life for murder in prison. I doubt he would have killed anyone outside. He was no angel but hardly a murderer. Send a kid to the animal factory and guess what you get?"	11
"People will still want things. Food and housing are great, but extra money to be able to spend on top of having these will still be important to most people. You make an assumption that everyone dislikes going to work more than having that extra money. I think you'll find they want things more than they want to avoid work."	11
"That's Paul, not Jesus. Jesus, as quoted by the Bible, said not one word about homosexuality. Paul hated all sex, so it isn't very surprising that he hated homosexuality too. I note that no modern Christian quotes or tries to live by any of the many times Paul wrote that everyone should be chaste."	11
"When and if you get into high school biology, you learn a sperm only has half the DNA of a human being. And you learn when biology says human life begins. See if you can grasp when human life begins with this simple explanation... http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Human_development_%28biology%29#Physical_stages_of_human_life"	11
">It was only a preface, but the sarcastic rant does not have anything to do with Godwin's Law except that both involve analogies to Hitler. Wrong. The sarcastic rant was supposed to be an illustration of the definition of Godwin's Law. It just so happened to be an incorrect definition. It really isn't that hard."	11
"They are not forced onto other countries, most of them are part of negotiations initiated by foreign leaders. If we had gone to 130 countries and demanded military bases, how the devil do you think that conversation would have went? Hell no! That's what they would have said, and should have said, if we had tried to force one on another country. Luckily, Cuba"	11
"Bragging about it was the failure, not the kill. > Obama ran to the cameras and raced to tell the world that bin Laden was dead‚Äì just hours after his body bobbed beneath the waves in the wake of the USS Carl Vinson. He was anxious for the credit, not realizing that the credit would keep. He forgot about the military advantage of surprise."	11
">Only problem: People didn't vote the same way in Congress. But they did. If Congressional seats actually reflected the votes of the electorate at large, we would have a Democratic House. The last round of gerrymandering is the only reason the Republicans we able to hold on to their majority. edit: added source."	11
"How can you say it's clear ACA added jobs? Healthcare has been the only dominant industry in the US economy for well over a decade, and ACA was intended to REDUCE healthcare spending. The simple fact that jobs have been added in the healthcare sector doesn't say anything about the effect of the ACA by itself, as healthcare has been adding jobs hand-over-fist"	11
"Not my point at all, doctors can still get paid without people having to pay each time they visit. I am happy living in a country where my taxes pay for the training and salaries of doctors so that if (god forbid) I have a terrible injury I don't have to worry about if I can afford to get it treated."	11
"> you made the assertion that ""we are We The People who have decided"", claiming that ""society"" is to decide the definition of morality. No. I claimed that society decides the norms by which it governs itself, which in most societies take the form of laws. Societal norms and morality are not the same thing. If you can't draw that distinction then you will ne"	11
I don't think you know how bankruptcy works... Guess who would be on the hook for all the money those bankrupt banks lost? Keeping them afloat was likely cheaper than letting them go under. Canada weathered this recession well because our financial sector is well regulated against the exact sort of thing that happened in the US.	11
>If you don't want gay marriage don't get one. I always had a problem with this kind of argument. For example 'If you don't support Rwandan genocide don't participate in it.' We know Rwandan genocide isn't good (not implying gay marriage is bad) but just because it makes them happy we should allow it?	11
"False. The operator can only suggest, they have no authority and it is ultimately the decision of the individual to make the decision that they are most comfortable with. Following an unarmed kid does not mean you are looking for a fight. It can mean many things, but it does not always mean you are looking for a fight."	11
"I live in Japan. When I spent a year unemployed I had no health insurance. Why? Because health insurance here is provided through your workplace. If you lose your job, to get the national health as an individual, you have to pay for two years back payments to join up. We do not have universal coverage here and the topic of this post is not correct regarding Jap"	11
"Give him some credit - yes, it was the GOPs baby, but they had a lot of help from Democrats in getting this shit passed, and Bill Clinton signed it into law. There's plenty of blame to go around here, even if the republicans deserve the lion's share. Don't be like the republicans who blame everything on the democrats - acknowledge that the democratic party ena"	11
"To most christians, i was raised catholic btw, this earth was made for us to use. They feel completely content trashing the planet because after all, the rapture is the only ""logical"" end for this planet. Climate change is just a road bump on the earths path to its end. I've heard this chain of logic so many times it hurts."	11
"The Republican platform is still far closer to my values than the Democrat, and I won't be voting Democrat instead - but there is a limit to how far I am willing to support a party whose new motto seems to be ""I bet I can fit a little more corruption in there. Oh look, I can, and there's still room for more!"" I've reached that limit."	11
"Read the article, no, he did not. His staff misplaced it. And it's not like this was during the Cuban Missile Crisis. If we had to launch nuclear weapons we would have been able to. It's not like they have one card to swipe at all the hundreds of facilities. His codes would be for an all out balls to the wall the world's going to end strike. Don't mislead your"	11
"Several of the new crop of Republican candidates are seven cans or more short of a six pack. I don‚Äôt mean just extreme. We‚Äôre talking wacky-doodle-do here. T responsible party would denounce them, or at least not support their candidacy. Only a desperate, reprehensible party would throw their full support behind people like this."	11
"Really? Then prices should go down when wages stagnate and unemployment rises. It should be impossible for the level of poverty to ever go up or down, because prices will always adjust to keep it the same. Obviously this is nonsense. Prices are somewhat elastic, depending on the product, but nowhere *near* 100% elastic. A basic income guarantee would virtua"	11
"I wasn't defending them. Just sick of people seeing that Exxon made ""XX billion in profits"" and immediately freaking out about it. If their profit margin were higher I'd understand it. Just look at the title of this stupid reddit topic. It's a number of things that are wrong with the hive mind captured in 20 words or less."	11
When Israel was created the first Arab-Israeli war happened. Israel won the war. In the multiple subsequent wars Israel gained and lost territory from multiple countries. This is the territory you are talking about. If countries didn't want territory taken from them they shouldn't start wars they can't win.	11
"Really? I said: >The state government in Lansing is to blame for the bankruptcy in Detroit because they built highways in and around Detroit? You responded with: >Only if you ignore the bit I keep repeating: >However, these are symptoms not causes. Seems pretty clear that you called it a symptom. Nice try, but I don't think anyone is going to buy it...."	11
"What are you talking about? Schools can and do use performance as a reason not to renew scholarships every single season without fail. What other reason would they use? What other metric would they use? How do you think the kids got the scholarships in the first place, by being bad at their respective sports?"	11
"so Egypt, Syria, and Lebanon have ""ancient weaponry"". And if your talking about Palestinians specifically, it really doesn't matter how ""ancient"" and non-effective you claim your arms are, if they can hurt civilians and are being used against the state then that nation will likely be in a state of defense leading to an increase in militarism."	11
> He should enter into closed-door negotiations with Chinese leaders to write off the $1.14 trillion of American debt currently held by China in exchange for a deal to end American military assistance and arms sales to Taiwan and terminate the current United States-Taiwan defense arrangement by 2015. Sounds like a great idea. That wouldn't be humiliating at	11
"During the UCLA rally, the Paulbots tried to use photos of 2-3 people climbing trees as ""proof"" that 10,000 people attended the rally, despite the fact that the venue only held 5,800 people and you could see entire sections of empty seats (an in, all the rows from one aisle to the end). Unless the people climbing trees were 400 pounds, it's really not a big de"	11
"In this sense i was proposing my opinion on the matter as ""proper"". If we start getting into a debate as to attenuated vs inactivated its going to get rather messy. I could compile a list of reasons why i think attenuated is risky business, if thats something people are interested in. I warn you tho i will come out as rather paranoid."	11
"Let me put it to you this way: if I was a politician I would never make this analogy. The headlines would say, ""Deusexlacuna (D-SP) thinks that the unborn should be treated like death row inmates!"" I would get interview questions from Bill O'Riley like, ""Senator, why do you hate the unborn? And a follow-up, why do you think that they deserve to die?"""	11
How about we just tax them instead. Since we cut their taxes they have increased their share of the wealth. There were still obscenely wealthy people when they had to pay 75% of their income in taxes just fewer of them and a larger middle class. If the top 20% own 85% of everything they can pay 85% of the taxes seems fair to me. That is equal taxation.	11
"Because it's meaningless. If you know what you are talking about then you shouldn't have to resort to that term. The finance world is very vast, and has many different parts to it. You should be able to precisely point to a specific function of the industry if you are going to blame it. When you use the term bankster, it's a crutch because you don't understand"	11
"Direct donations, yes, but we all know that lately super PACs and their ilk are where the bulk of campaign contributions end up for the ""big boys"", and good luck finding out the original source of some of that money. Of course, all of those PACs don't coordinate or collaborate with the candidate they're spending millions on, *that* would be illegal! ( /s )"	11
"ownership of what? They bring nothing but a warm body to the picture. They're not investing in the store, they don't have degrees that are useful for bringing the company forward, etc... It's not that your typical floor worker is immoral or a ""bad person"" but let's not pretend like they're bringing a lot to the plate."	11
"Fun fact: Venus once harbored life. But Venusian Republicans were elected into power and deregulated power and oil companies. That's why it experienced a runaway greenhouse effect, the oceans all evaporated and now it rains sulfuric acid. Now Earthling Republicans are attempting to do exactly the same thing."	11
"The next job he gets he'll have to pay the tax penalty. > It's still not a fine Yeah, it's a tax, blah blah blah, it's an issue of semantics here. Bottom line is that if you don't get insurance you're gonna be owing money to the government. Next time you get a tax return they're going to be taking the money out of that return until it's paid."	11
"Yes, because it works. All that an insurance company does is pool money to pay for claims. It's really not something that can gain any advantage by being privatized. We are better off pooling our money in one gigantic pot which would cut down on administrative costs and eliminate the needs for profit."	10
"you're funny. The simple fact is Loughner was an anti-government, pro-gold standard gun nut, which is closer to a conservative ideology. In the end, his insanity had much more to do with this than ideology, although the fear mongering by you right wingers may have certainly pushed him off the edge."	10
"I'm going to laugh so hard if Santorum gets the nomination. The GOP is split in thirds right now, and Ron Paul is the only one with any sense or backbone. Either a Santorum or Paul nomination basically represents the death of the GOP, and Romney just hands the election to Obama. Well, at least the primaries are interesting this time around."	10
"Except Richard Nixon is characteristically more liberal in his public policy than most Republicans. He would be a Democrat in the context of modern politics - and in fact, I would argue that he represents that quintessential apologist for the US government. He and Johnson were two sides of the same coin."	10
"Earmarks can be a necessary evil. If you're true to your mission as a Representative or Senator, than you can earmark public works and social programs for your district or state. That's using a broken system for good. Fuck it, right? Federal tax dollars already go to bridges to nowhere. What about real bridges? *That's* the damned problem."	10
"I feel your pain my friend. It seems that americans complain a lot about expensive gas, forgetting they are paying for the most part <2/3 of the rest of the planet. How narcissistic (downvote that all you want american redditors, I realize not all of you do complain like that but some do, and it is undeniably narcissitsic of them)"	10
"Just about as bad as any local news story. ""WHAT THEY DON'T WANT YOU TO KNOW ABOUT FOO"" and some shots of a guy looking suspicious walking into a building. And it always turns out that the people in the story wanted to talk about it but the reporters would rather report that the company ""could not be reached for comment."""	10
>If people could be gainfully employed they would... It should stand to reason that because unemployment drops when the economy does better people's laziness is not to blame. I know plenty of places that are hiring in Eastern Connecticut and Rhode Island. People who can't get jobs usually are the ones who don't want jobs.	10
"That's because you aren't a click away from making someone's post more valid or more invalid (upvotes/downvotes). You actually have to respond to people, which seems so hard to do on reddit when you're constantly afraid of being downvoted by ignorant people to where the rational thinking people can't even read your post because it ends up hidden"	10
"I'm kind of thinking that if the coastal states were to successfully succeed from the rest of the U.S., I'd gladly move back there. As it currently stands, I'm living in a rural college town that is a progressive bastion in an otherwise red state. I'm not a big fan of rolling things back to how they were in the pre- and early 20th centuries."	10
"They do the best because they push a singular worldview which does not mesh with other news outlets very well. They push a ""narrative"", one of their important people often says. Therefore, among their viewers, they create a sort of artificial monopoly, by manipulating their thought processes, by making them think that anything that is not Fox is part of the lib"	10
"Republicans: ""We can't increase tax on the people who invest in the economy and create jobs"" Tax the rich more, ease off on middle income earners. They buy more non-essential goods and services opening new markets for companies to take advantage off and make more money. I call it the trickle-up effect."	10
"To me, sort of a purist, any restriction is infringing. Now the current law saying felons can't own guns doesn't bother me because that is a consequence of an action you knowingly commit. You know that if you commit and are convicted of a felony then you give up your right to own a firearm. Any blanket restriction on the general population, though, is infrin"	10
"Remember when Obama was elected? All the Republicans said ""Just wait - Democrats are going to accuse all critics of Obama of racism."" Looks like you're playing right into that. According to you, there is no valid criticism of the nearly 3000 page behemoth that nobody bothered to read before it passed. No sir, there are only supporters of the law and racists."	10
"Then why didn't OWS try to get people voted out of office? Or, support any candidates that had promise? The American people are juts as responsible. Despite a 10% Congressional approval rating, the vast majority of Reps and Senators got reelected. Given that, what incentive exists for any elected official to listen to the people?"	10
"All you'll find for replies on this progressive site is ignorance. Progressives need to be told what to do and how to feel about everything. All I ever see here is Dem. talking points drones absent of any original thought or critical thinking skills.. Great point you've made, but wasted on these hate mongers. Have a fantastic day &amp; thank you for trying"	10
">HB 462 is more consistent with the true intent of the legislation and addresses those situations in which the termination of a pregnancy is intentional and is not conducted at a physician's direction."" Are abortions different from miscarriages? Sounds like they just did away with a woman's right to choose, and gave that choice to a physician?"	10
"If he would have donated it anonymously, not seeking attention or credit, then I would have greater respect. However, being excessively rich and making donations does not validate a persons life. If a pedophile donated $400,000 to Leukemia &amp; Lymphoma society, that person is still a pedophile. Besides, his main motivation is most likely taxes. Just being"	10
"The personal freedom comes in when you get to choose your provider. What I meant by personal freedom is that, the more government takes from you to give to someone else, the less personal freedom you have. I won't try to argue that the current system works, this is just for argument's sake. I won't even touch the war on drugs."	10
"Colbert's shtick is exactly that: to show how easy it is to distort or slant or outright fabricate information in Wikipedia... or on the Internet in general, which people then just believe without critical consideration. That is *exactly* the point he is making, and at least some of the tightass wikipedia editors don't understand that, or care. tl;dr: Andy Ka"	10
"Here's the statement of the IRS commissioner, are you arguing that what Surfing is saying isn't factually true? ‚ÄúOrganizations of all walks and all persuasions were pulled in. That‚Äôs shown by the fact that only 70 of the 300 organizations were tea party organizations, of the ones that were looked at by TIGTA [Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administrati"	10
"Ha ha... yes, that's why some laws include a definition of personhood -- not because congress' intent wrt the definition of personhood, just because redundancy. Clearly congress' intent when writing that law (in your mind) was to apply it to corporations as opposed to an absurdly activist court blowing religious nutjobs for cash payments and trips."	10
"Why not? Hell, in his statement I quoted he *explicitly* says he would do that when he was in the White House. The president is free to go and do whatever he pleases because in the end he is a citizen like any other with the same rights. If you can go participate then the president can go participate too."	10
"Sighing pauses, eyebrow raises and leaning back and forth when he speaks. Leaving aside their utter distortion of the situation in Uganda, and the self-serving nature of their cause, not to mention their cooperation with vehemently anti-gay evangelical groups.... There's just something program-attic and creepy about the way these guys talk and behave."	10
"> Then, after thinking, I realized they do have it and it's called ""Books"". If there were only a place, where you could maybe rent books. You know, like a Blockbuster, but instead of a movie you could rent a book, maybe even a few books, for maybe a couple weeks. And if the price were reasonable, say maybe for FREE, man.... That sure would be something...."	10
"Why should someone pay 1e9 times as much to enjoy the exact same benefits the government provides? Imagine trying to buy a burger in an establishment subject to the same logic, and the first thing they ask for is your paystub. ""Oh, I see you make more than 100k per year. That burger will be $30."" ""But the last guy only paid a quarter!"" ""Yes, but he dropped"	10
"Yeah my local seems to be pussying out to the contractors interests quite a bit. Believe me I know what you mean when you say fuck the IBEW. BUT...... all their negatives aside, I think they serve its members more good than bad. Its up to us, the members, to keep it that way, and/or make it better. What local were you in? What division ?"	10
"Wow. Juvenile? So you're saying the 60 Minutes piece was just fluff? And I love this part...""Your father was not so important that he would have been worth the monumental amount of effort..."" You're making more assumptions than anyone here. Go troll elsewhere. Oh, by the way...I wan't going to...but I signed it just to piss you off."	10
We have that with trained well meaning overworked Doctors. My long time doctor retired and the new one did the exam without me even taking my shirt off. I will not be going back to her. The medical profession is allowing less trained then doctors Nurse Practitioners to do a lot of the basic procedures a doctor was required to perform.	10
"They are fighting paying for it, because of their religious belief. So their beliefs decide whether you can have birth control pills. it makes it possible for them to refuse other medicines in the future if this ridiculous precedent gets approved. I do not believe in birth control, therefore you can not have it on the policy."	10
The illegals are here because shady employers want them here. If there are no jobs they do not come. Keeping them illegal means the employers do not have to pay them fairly with the constant threat of truing them into La Migra. The same people that bring them here are the ones keeping them illegal. That is why they are fighting reform based on reality.	10
Voter purging should be restricted for emergencies only (proven deceased individuals with cross-searched and confirmed addresses for instance) within a certain period of time prior to any election to prevent obvious and intentional abuse. Three and a half years you could purge the rolls... there a reason we need to do it up until the day the election polls clos	10
"I am just watching the news on CNN, MSNBC, etc. Her statements on saying Latinos and women come to better conclusions than white men. I have a problems with statements like that. Claiming the bench can write laws and policy while ignoring the legislature (or at least not mentioning them in that youtube video). I am Democrat here and I have a problem with t"	10
"Acceptance of existence of a biological evolution doesn't mean you like it. It's just a scientific theory. You can still think it's evil and support an egalitarian society. No contradiction here. However, praise of social darwinism is a moral stance. At the same time, conservatives claim that evolution is evil. That's a contradiction."	10
You're wrong. The crux of the problem is this - is the fetus a person or not? You don't have to be a woman to have an opinion on that. I'm not even trying to make an argument for or against abortion. I just think it's terribly demeaning to say that men can not or should not hold an opinion of this.	10
"> ""no problem"" > ""reasonable public transport"" The issue isn't ""Is there transit somewhere?"" It is ""is the transit reasonable""? I live in a large city/suburban area with public transport that is quite hellish and leaves a large chunk of the county with no transport at all. I've been to many cities in the US and used their public transport but I'd never use"	10
"It does seem strange that the birth control mandate debate is framed as though church employers would ""pay"" for insurers to provide birth control to their employees. Overall health costs will be higher if employees have reduced access to birth control. Surely from an actuarial or health scientific perspective the insurance premiums should be higher if birth con"	10
">And I'd like to know how many of those corporations who ""Don't pay any taxes"" actually posted a profit? Right or wrong, I really hate that argument. If I as an individual make 80 grand a year, I'm taxed on 80 grand a year (after certain non taxable deductions). This is effectively getting taxed on net earnings, not profit. I don't get tax breaks on my exp"	10
"I have the same problem. Even this year accelerated and advanced placement course teachers find Wikipedia ""inaccurate and so easily edited"" to a shameful degree- they nearly laugh at students who try to use Wikipedia as a source. Even most of the standard teachers seem to agree, but care less as they hold lower standards for their classes."	10
"Skin color? WTF? The whole point of society is everyone working together to lift everyone up. If everyone says ""Screw you, I got mine so go jump in a lake"" then it's every man for himself and the point of that society has been lost. Suffering should teach compassion, not resentment, of others who are suffering."	10
"How do you imagine spending cuts would decrease inequality? Sanders isn't calling for a tax to raise revenue, he calling for a tax to reduce inequality by taking from the wealthiest. He, like many, feels that the current degree of inequality is poisonous to democracy, the revenue benefits are secondary."	10
"Whats sad is that this has been common knowledge since long before this last election. I always remember him as a crusader for religion more than anything. When I saw him say all these things to appease his power base, I just couldn't help but think about those first impressions. Same goes with Romney for making his dog ride on the car top. That's all I ne"	10
"Can you really trust Newsweek? The same people who gave an exclusive interview to Ahmed Chalabi leading up to the Iraq war, saying tons of terrorists were in Iraq, with WMD, ready to kill us all? Here's a different take... http://comment.independent.co.uk/commentators/article3127343.ece I call BS on more Newsweek propaganda. They want to make the recent coup"	10
"The CDC numbers say that child deaths **from age 0 to 14 have decreased by 39%** since 1997. This study has it as an upward trend which is not the case. Therefore, I'm betting this study is related to the other recent studies that have shown false data by using 15 to 19 year olds. http://www.cdc.gov/injury/wisqars/fatal_injury_reports.html"	10
"Honestly, eventually the police will push the wrong people and those wannabe soldiers will get to experience just how terrifying getting shot at from random windows and buildings is. This will ignite a huge overreaction which will outrage even more people and the rot that has been festering in the US police forces will come to light and politicians will take"	10
"Even with government assistance charities doing their work, there are millions of starving kids in this country. Seriously, what charity can cover all that? What entity can spend to the extent a government can? There isn't one on earth. If charities and government together can't fix the problem of malnutrition, what makes you think charities alone could do it?"	10
"They've also been the three that have been necessary for all the great works of mankind. The Pyramids (American and Egyptian), the Great Wall, Roman architecture, Greek philosophy, the beautiful art of Islam, the samurai, etc... none of these would have existed without loyalty, authority, and reverence for the world. But I guess a world without those things i"	10
">I always try to make the same argument, and it always gets shouted down by people who have a completely illogical hate for police. That is because reddit is full of suburban kids who have never witnessed or been victim to any kind of crime. Their interaction with the cops is limited to reading articles on /r/politics."	10
"You're arguing--successfully--that businesses should be required to provide birth control coverage with their insurance. However, the dispute was over whether the conservative opposition was inherently bigoted, which this argument doesn't address. So, true, but I don't need convincing on that particular point :/."	10
"Here you go, Obama said this yesterday, which is very much contrasted with what he said only a couple of years ago. ""Now, if the House and the Senate want to give me the authority so that they don't have to take these tough votes, if they want to put the responsibility on me to raise the debt ceiling, I'm happy to take it."" PRESIDENT BARACK OBAMA JANUARY 15TH"	10
"At the very least he wasn't a complete dick. It might seem shallow, but that is the first thing I look for in a candidate. Policy can be hashed out. Personality can't. We've already seen what a ""with us or against"" us type president is like. Turning *everything* into a fucking war. Except this time around issues like religion and class are all the more prevalen"	10
">They do not have to go through any level of testing like drugs do False. >It is not conspiracy to want genetic changes to be proven safe We've been eating genetically engineered food for 30 years. Anytime you take a cross or make a hybrid, that's genetically engineered. See, this is what I'm talking about. So much misinformation and fear that's not based"	10
"this is sad but true. The way to end this is to vote, but how do people engage the youth when they have no sense of history? Why does the Ryan Plan to privatize Social Security take 4 decades? Same answer - don't teach history and generations will ""assume"" that this is the way that it has always been."	10
"That's the GOP as a whole. Jeb could likely win against 75% of any of the potential Democrats whose names have ever been suggested. Hilary is formidable, but the rest of the Democratic bench is fairly weak in terms of ability to fundraise (the ""silent primary""). Everyone loves Warren and Sanders, but neither one would get enough of the backing of the moneyed"	10
"Ok, that was a bit of an ironic strawman. The declaration of the right to food doesn't force anyone to feed somebody, just like the right to life doesn't force people to give birth to other people. It can be used to condemn a society or situation where some people don't have food or are in mortal danger."	10
"Here's the thing. Most urban areas are fine with homosexuals. It's the rural parts of America that seem to be homophobic and a bit backwater in their views. I'm pretty certain that if they made a colorful graph of who supported Rick Santorum and his homophobic views, you'd see that it mostly came from lil hick towns."	10
"The man got one point dead-right: The executive branch is supposed to carry out the law, not make it. If you want the feds to stop raiding dispensaries, you have to change federal law. That's the job of Congress, not the President. The President can use the bully pulpit to sway the issue, but in the end Congress has to do the legislating."	10
"See but thats the thing, I dont even own a rifle. I have one shotgun. I do however think that there are legitimate non hunting reasons to own the sort of rifles that everyone seems so keen on grabbing up. And ive never ever thought of them as toys, thats the attitude that gets people hurt. Respect the firearm is the first rule any responsible owner learns and"	10
I suppose that applies but bigot has a real ethnic and religious connotation to it. And personally I fail to see what is so bad about hating any government. He seems to care about the people of America and the soldiers dying in what he believes to be pointless wars. I don't see anything wrong with that.	10
"True; many people don't believe in it. Exxon Mobile, the gas/ petrol/ oil company, and other fossil fuel companies, have bought research groups and scientists to endorse the idea that global warming isn't certain. They've been doing this since the 80s, and a steady stream of misinformation has successfully injected sincere and widespread doubt about climate ch"	10
"To the extent that he identifies as a conservative, Paul considers himself a paleoconservative. The point being that what he criticizes in conservatives is their leftist deviation from what he takes to be orthodox conservatism. Paleos believe that the Republican Party and conservative movement were hijacked by the leftist, ex-Trotskyite neocons."	10
"The reason why entertainers and athletes are paid outrageous salaries is because the consumer worships them. I we spent more time reading, enjoying outdoor activities (playing sports) or anything else other than sitting on our asses and watching movies and sports, their salaries would have to adjust to the decrease in demand. Its our own fault that they are p"	10
I'm in support of Obama and Biden...but to say that Biden won is really just the us liberals saying this because of the build up of sympathy towards what happened in the first presidential debate. We're worried and we're fighting hard in order to build momentum and denying what we're all feeling in our hearts about this.	10
"I agree that school shootings are a statistical minority, but that doesn't negate the fact that that's what everyone is talking about, and the Second Amendment has taken a back seat to that. I know that the real issue lies elsewhere, but that doesn't mean that the majority of the people talking about it do."	10
"Wasn't a false flag, but it was played for &amp; encouraged. The McCollum memo was government policy, everything recommended was done. How familiar are you with the run-up to Pearl Harbour? I'd harbour a guess (sorry!) that most of what you've been told was a lie. Do you, for example, believe the story about radio silence and it being a surprise attack?"	10
"Companies can get the protections of incorporation, which shield them form personal financial responsibility, while maintaining personal control over employees, including forcing their religious beliefs on them and their benefits? They are a corporation when they want to be and a single ownership when they choose to be. Must be nice to have it both ways."	10
Remember when the 2008 election was 'close?' Obama won 67% of the electoral votes. This election will be 'close' in the same regard. It's all about news media hyping this up and for voter turnout to be high. The Republican's voter ID law to suppress the democratic vote failed. The country will continue to move in the right direction.	10
"I am not sure why we would want to force folks to serve others they don't want to. If I don't want my restaurant to serve felons, shouldn't I be allowed to make that rule as a independent citizen? I understand that its important to make sure we are not institutionalizing discrimination, but feel freedom of choice is far more important than worrying about hurti"	10
The deduction also significantly props up housing value. People often calculate the deduction against their monthly payment. If you yanked this you would see housing value drop. On the other hand! The deduction also harms those who rent which makes renters pay a much higher effective tax rate than home owners. Personally I believe this deduction should be remo	10
"We can be pretty sure Obama was born. We don't know what, if anything, Romney did regarding taxes, and Americans are very sensitive when it comes to taxes. People merrily take very public pledges relating to taxes. The GOP make taxes paid a huge part of their platform. Since it is such a big deal, we demand to see the most current decade of tax returns for ou"	10
"Truly this is the most compelling argument I have heard in my life. You must be a most charismatic individual in person, and I dearly wish I could shake your hand. After all, how could my opinion not be swayed by such a well sourced, and well thought out argument? Indeed, I am sad that all I have to give you is one upvote."	10
"I agree with most of your points except Osama Bin Laden. You orchestrate the death of American citizens on our own soil? I don't care if we've got to go into Germany's backyard with a Global Hawk. Sometimes, its just principle: You have to show people you absolutely *don't* fuck around. Otherwise, they'll always think you'll roll over like a bitch."	10
"It's the voters' fault (including mine) for voting for these assholes, even though we know they've been long since bought and paid for. If enough people were to simply ignore the first two lines on the ballot and vote for a candidate -- any candidate -- further down, the effect of money on politics would be instantly neutralized."	10
"Solvent meaning until then payroll taxes at the current receipts and its trust fund cover its costs. At 2036 the trust fund is exhausted and we either have to borrow from the income tax receipts or raise payroll taxes, or cut benefits. Say it with me now, ""Pay as you go does not equate to a Ponzi scheme."""	10
"This is great news, but I don't necessarily want to see huge national unions picking up the pieces. Allowing for smaller more localized unions would be great. Those unions could join collectively on some issues for better bartering power, but the point remains that a union should be a choice, not an obligation of employment."	10
"Hello, I'm unsure of the problem here, The title of the Reddit WAS the title of the article. Upon reviewing it today, I see NYT has Changed the title, When posting to /r/Politics there is several mention of not changing the title and I ensured of that when it was posted. How could i rectify this situation, now seeing that NYT changed it headline."	10
The mathematical logic lessons provided by Texas school book printers accounts for this: if President != Republican then Positive_statistic = (Positive_statistic-Positive_statistic)-1. if President is != Caucasian then Positive_statistic = ((Positive_statistic-Positive_statistic)-1)+(Socialist+Muslin)	10
">Comedy central does not attempt to pass the satire off as fact. I think that gets too much credit around here. I think everyone thinks, including TDS and Jon Stewart, that in their satire is truth and that they are a more reputable news show than someone like Bill Oreilly or Glenn Beck. I think they take what they do pretty seriously, for comedy."	10
he clearly is willing to give an extra $400 to pay for others insurance and he has a great opportunity to do so right now. I would even say that him giving that $400 directly to someone who needs it is far more efficient than sending it to Washington donut can eventually get to the person who needs it.	10
"I almost don't listen to NPR. I listen to *Fresh Air, CarTalk, Wait Wait,* and *What Do You Know*? I like getting some of my information from **Free Speech TV** and **LinkTV**, both of which carry *""Democracy Now!""* I'm glad to see you getting upmodded here... I complained about the same thing the other day in another thread and got downmodded to hell."	10
"Last year, my marginal rate on income I earned through working was 45% (35% federal, 10% state), while the rate on income I ""earned"" through purchasing stock and then sittin' around was 25% (15% federal, 10% state). America is supposed to value hard work over just owning something valuable. The tax code should reflect that."	10
"Family of 5 earns less than minimum wage? A family of five with ""a"" little one? edit: further, your comment history talks about buying a kindle and a new gpu. I know when I was making $12,000/yr, I had three (and only three) things in the budget: gas, rent, and groceries. And I was single at the time."	10
"Yeah, food stamps are fantastic. I live in a really poor area where a ton of people are on food stamps. Instead of starving to death, they live and work, helping the local economy and businesses to function and paying taxes. And all of that ""free"" food stamp money is going straight into local grocery stores. It's great!"	10
"This is just one of many articles over the last few years about congress wanting to buy shit the military doesn't actually need. It is all for the sake of military contractor profits, this hasn't created new jobs, but it has avoided some small job losses, but nothing to justify the enormous cost to tax payers, especially during times of such economic hardship."	10
"Who has a chance to shrug off the old guard of Washington. It was like Obama went into the White House after being elected and the corporations were there smiling saying, ""You think you run the show but you don't. You will do everything for us or we will ruin you."" My point is, who would stand up to them? The answer is nobody."	10
"To get there before the person disappeared from sight. The person could have been up to trouble, or completely innocent. What if this was a white person in a hoodie who had the intention of breaking into a home? Then it would have been too late and someone's property would have been stolen or damaged. I also find it funny no one has even answered the hypoth"	10
"Yes, watch the video. It happened. The woman ended up having a cyst the size of an orange on her ovary, she had to to have her ovary surgically removed and is now showing symptoms of early onset menopause. Oh and she may never be able to conceive. She is only 32 years old. ... oh .. and it all happened in the middle of finals at law school.."	10
"Ron Paul fans tend to come from wide variety of backgrounds, and many of them are smarter than the average elephant. I count myself among them. The only thing you don't want to hear Ron Paul evangelists carry on about, though, is Ron Paul. The rhetoric ramps up, your eyes glaze over, and the fan-boyishness of the speaker takes over. Downvotes ensue. Quite a s"	10
"none of those options will hurt small businesses in the long run. in fact, putting a wave of additional disposable funds at the bottom will cause an uprising that will lift the profits of small and big businesses alike. big businesses can afford to do this a million times over without ever feeling the effects. the fact that they're crying over it shows how r"	10
"Having a huge hammer does not help with many of the problems we have. Nukes make a large conventional army obsolete to some extent, useless against nuclear states. Insurgency warfare makes it a blunt tool, of limited use even against non-nuclear opponents (provided they have sufficient popular support and external backing)."	10
"Thank you for your submission. However, it has been removed for the following reason(s): * Off-Topic: All submissions to /r/politics need to be explicitly about current US politics. Please review our on-topic statement for more information. If you feel this removal was in error please send a message to the moderators."	10
"""it's cool to be stupid."" This absolutely cannot be stressed enough. Anti-intellectualism starts in grade school as part of a natural human tendency to classify peers into groups, i.e. the cool kids, the nerds, etc. It's when it's carried into adulthood that it becomes this perverse uncertainty about actually knowing things."	10
"perhaps if you americans didn't vote for the same republican or democrats, things might change. please try something new (that isn't red or blue) next time. perhaps a young woman rather than an older man? someone who doesn't know a lot about politics and is a little naive/optimistic. although in 3 years when the next election comes around you all have forgott"	10
"I said: > Conservatives are the ones supporting gay marriage bans, the continued prohibition of soft drugs, anti-sodomy laws, anti-abortion laws You said: > EXTREME conservatives who are not the majority support that crap Yeah. Uh-huh. Your bad. Try saying what you mean once in a while, eh buddy?"	10
"The fact that your average 15-20 week embryo looks like a ball of snot, and in no way resembles a fully-formed human. So, in order to get maximum shock value, they instead use late-term stillborn fetuses that more closely resemble a fully-formed human, which they then pass off as an 'abortion'. It's all a plea to emotion, with no basis in fact."	10
"Actually, it doesn't work exactly like that. Politicians will always go for the biggest bang for their buck. If you switch to a popular vote, politicians will campaign where the they can get the biggest bang for their buck. Where is that? Large cities. It won't change things quite as much as you'd think either. A couple battle grounds will open up and a few wi"	10
"Obama can use the veto pen as much as he likes. That doesn't change the fact that if two-thirds of Congress approves a bill, it will go through and become law. Now, in some instances he may be able to delay that process by a couple of months....but that's about it. Reid isn't running the Senate anymore. The cathouse is closed."	10
">I don‚Äôt doubt for a minute that if they were of northern-European extraction, but with the same other education/economic deficiencies, they wouldn‚Äôt be making all the noise. Wrong. Irish, Italian, German . . . they were all discriminated against. It's the reason why there are so many Irish police and fire ""dynasties"" - it was the best job they could get i"	10
"The difference is that you're not trying to make it seem like you're the only one who likes chocolate ice cream, or that you like it more than everyone else. The fact that you're making such a big deal about how this is what *America* stands for kind of implies that America holds these values more dearly than any other country, which, if you actually look at"	10
Celine Dion is one of the most incredible artists that Canada has produced ever. I don't know why people put her down so much. She's unbelievably talented and has the most amazing voice. Bieber too deserves respect. He was a small town kid who made it big by himself. We should support Canadian talent instead of trying to ridicule it.	10
"When people say that the protesters were ""unarmed"" they don't mean that there's nothing on a boat that can be used as a weapon. But it's a boat. Pieces of pipe are not uncommon. Most sailors will carry a pocket knife. And the boarding of the boat was the first attack, not any acts of self-defence on the part of the crew."	10
"Even with living subsidies, a flat tax is a horrible idea. Wealth accumulation is itself progressive, that's why it's always easier to make your second million than it is to make your first million. A flat tax ignores this very clear economic reality, and if instituted will just accelerate the concentration of wealth in fewer and fewer individuals."	10
"Hopefully we'll see the original, ""I'm mad as hell"" tea party protesters join in on this movement, rather than the conservative pro-Bachmann/corporate tea party. After all, are these not the same issues we saw a few years ago? ""Where's my bail-out?"" was a very popular slogan during the tea party protests. In these times, we need to stand in unity if we truly wa"	10
"News and religion. ""The *others* use technique A and technique B and technique C to mislead people. It can be done, it is real and it does work. The *others* even have the audacity to claim they're the ones who don't do it. We're the ones who don't do it. If we are accused of it, it is not done, it is not real and it does not work."""	10
"If you're making the argument that Fox is bias, then it's certainly because of Murdoch. And if that's the case he most definitely does have international propaganda channels. It's a little corporation called News Corp. We haven't seen the Tea Party movement find as much support globally simply because the U.S. is far more conservative than much of the world."	10
"Supporting evidence in Watson's case refers to 'most written down' in reality. It isn't proving things logically or only at the most basic logical level. If wikipedia had recently been vandalized and said Obama was actually a wombat with rabies, Watson likely would not be able to figure out anything wrong with that."	10
"I'm a registered republican. Romney gave zero specifics on anything and used the same old tired lies. He didn't give any answers, only attacks. It wasn't even close. That and he was called out for being a liar and the moderator even had to correct him. He did terrible and came off as a pompous arrogant ass."	10
"You're right that an optimist would say that. This is precisely why I think all optimists are pretty silly, because of course it's not going to work out that way. We aren't going to throw out Obama and elect a Soft Socialist, we are going to throw him out and install Joe the Plumber's lesser second cousin, and we will gleefully do it."	10
OP seems to be a bit confused. It takes money to run the NRA yes i understand they have a membership fee to make money as well but by weapons manufacturers giving money to them they also help to protect our 2nd amendment rights which the American people have forgotten about which is something called the constitution.	10
"I think the founding fathers never envisioned a legislature so corrupt and so shameless that they would brazenly draw lines that can serve no other purpose than to allow the minority party to maintain power. How about a constitutional amendment mandating that districts be drawn according to a standardized, neutral, and verifiable process."	10
"I checked down the list of WA representatives and every single one voted YES except Jay Inslee - and I couldn't find his name anywhere (Yes/No/No vote). Im ashamed of myself for not contacting my representative. In fact, I'm going to write a *nice* letter to that person right now. Not going to be silent any more. Edit: McDermott voted No. Sorry for the error"	10
"My wife and I do very well and do nothing but pay into the society. We're paying for one kid in college and another will soon be going. We have health insurance, two vehicles, a nice house, plenty of toys and we don't want for much. Sadly, I'll have to inform the wife that someone on the internet thinks we're cancerous. She won't be happy."	10
Sure he was extreme but it has nothing to do with being a libertarian. Do you think the FDA should raid people who sell raw milk or eggs. Should they arrest cherry farmers who claim vitamin c is good for us? Do bread manufactures claiming fiber can prevent colon cancer need to be arrested? Guess what they do all these things and more.	10
"I don't see anybody blaming Republicans for Obama's misdoings. I see people calling Republicans out on their bullshit, albeit sometimes that's also someone often bullshitting on behalf of Obama, yet not as often as far more progressive, sometimes even anarchists, who fairly call them both out on their bullshit."	10
"I heard Bush promotes breathing oxygen. Now I'm not saying everything Bush did was evil...but you might wanna look into that whole oxygen thing. Not only that, but Obama continues to support the Bush administration's pro-oxygen positions! It's almost like Obama is admitting that Bush was right all along."	10
"you know that there were multiple proven cases of people literally being paid to post to reddit and similar social media to spin for the Kochs, right? I think that in 99.9% of cases allegations of spin are paranoid bullshit, but in this case we have actual proof that they have a social media spin department."	9
">I believe in the right of nationalism for all peoples. The nation of Israel absolutely has a right to exist. Now I think we need to parse the definition of **nation** to refer to the people, not the land. The nation of Israel could exist peacefully almost anywhere else on the planet. So why the middle East, where their only possible future is endless confli"	9
"Because being President would be a one- or two-term shot at leaving a political mark (while being subjected to continuous obstructionism on the part of the GOP). In contrast, being a Senator for twenty or thirty years while racking up seniority and chairmanship positions is a far greater historical force that can be used to advance a progressive agenda."	9
"Food scientist here, yup people have been finding gmos in organic foods. Couple this with the fact that ~20% of ""organic"" is from china, and well yeah china lol. I won't even get into the organic vs non organic debate, its almost like a religious debate. I can pretty clearly see that organic isn't worth it, but as soon as I open my mouth people get pissed be"	9
"Well, no. ""Although Congress never voted on a formal declaration of war, they did authorize the President to instruct the commanders of armed American vessels to seize all vessels and goods of the Pasha of Tripoli ""and also to cause to be done all such other acts of precaution or hostility as the state of war will justify."" http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/First_Ba"	9
> Where is the hardship in simply showing up at the DMV to verify that you are still alive and living in the district? Once a year is all I ask. The hardship is that some folks can't get there. The same hardship applies when people talk about requiring photo ID to vote. Not everyone drives or can find a ride to get to the DMV.	9
"It's just like holding doctors to a higher standard about confidentiality compared to say, a mechanic. If you trust someone as a powerful figure in society, they should DEFINITELY be afraid that they will fall harder than others. If they're protected, they get power and nothing to check it. It's getting to be that way (at least in the US) right now."	9
"I had an appendectemy. One night in the hospital, I left the next morning -- $14,500.00. I bet they wouldn't have charged an insurance company that much, and yet, there are laws saying they must charge everyone the same about. I even had to pay an 8.9% tax to go to help people without insurance... uh, like myself. (I was only without insurance for a couple"	9
"Strangely enough, even though I'm probably technically a liberal, I'm also in favor of permissive gun ownership laws. This is one of the few situations where I truly believe that it only keeps the lawful people honest. I really have to wonder how quickly Virginia Tech and Columbine would have ended if a few of the teachers were packing. Just sayin'."	9
"in your state, your vote counts as 1/youstatespopulation. In the federal level it counts as 1/300million. Look at wisconsin. We have been recalling people left and right. People are being held accountable for their votes, on both sides. For the federal government to pass a bad law you need to influence 535 people. To get each state to pass teh same bad law is a"	9
"The last election before the end of the Third Reich took place in 1938. Voting age was 20, women were excluded. People today who voted for Hitler are men aged 94 and older ‚Äî around 40.000 people in all, at least some of whom probably wouldn't have voted for Hitler had the election been free. The remaining 81 817 000 Germans have never voted for Hitler."	9
"http://www.cbsnews.com/news/how-taxpayers-subsidized-walmart-execs-pay/ Just an example. We give walmart some 6billion dollars, they pay employees minimum wage and few hours forcing those employees onto foodstamps and other assistance programs so that they have to shop at walmart. Look into corporate welfare if you are interested."	9
"> At least not for slave wages, which is what it takes to have 99cent tomatoes year round across the country. That is a myth. Labor costs are a very low part of retail prices. >We have a very broad set of problems and getting started on them is the way to go. OK, let's address them with more enforcement."	9
"Eric Cantor canceled the vote, wasn't he the one that dragged out the debt ceiling negotiations meanwhile he had invested in a fund that would have gone up had the debt ceiling not been raised and the US defaulted. He definitely sounds like an honorable politician that would never engage in insider trading."	9
"Being right or accurate isn't the same as being fair. The trick is what they don't tell you. The other trick is the tone and information delivery. They can change the narrative without saying anything at all. They can talk about guns with blood spatter in the background, or show a grandma talking self defense."	9
"No, sorry, my point was that they'd set the bar so high that only, say, the CEO could meet the minimum for reimbursement as an individual. Group donations would not be considered for reimbursement. That is, this would just be a complicated and silly formalistic dance to get around the constraints on corporations, who would just end up donating through their CEO"	9
"The investment in automation is coming as fast as it can be invented, purchased, and deployed. It makes no difference whatsoever what the minimum wage is, because it will ALWAYS be greater than the cost of having a machine do it 24/7/365. The jobs are disappearing very soon and very rapidly. But that's why we need /r/BasicIncome."	9
"yes, those are the extremist minorities I mentioned. And if the system allows a small group like that to define the system for all, then the system is broken and needs to be fixed. I believe change is inevitable, and that change is good when it is managed and not chaotic. You seem to be arguing that as a nation we have passed that point. I am more optimisti"	9
"This PAC help us put the ads on that are running from Dec. 10-29th here in Central Florida. Good people, they even sent us an edited version that says ""Register Republican by Dec. 29th to vote for Ron Paul."" at the bottom. We funded it with a chipin on the Ron Paul Graphs page, and local donors. They were great to us, and seem to be helping the Iowans too."	9
"DEVILS ADVOCATE POST Allowing employers to decide to offer or not offer paid vacation and employees to make their own decisions on whether to accept it or not allows American companies to operate in a much more efficient manner. A business isn't a charity - if they offer paid vacation, its part of your compensation package and something you agree to when you"	9
"May I ask why or how you came to that conclusion of Ron Paul being a Racist? Would that be his only flaw in your current perspective? edit: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xp_sSqU0G-k He is for individual liberty, he wants the racist drug laws to be abolished, his newest superpac ad shows his compassion for his non racist nature. You are fed by the the Main"	9
"You'd be surprised. People seem to literally think they need to have sex. They don't see the benefit of waiting. I'm not saying it's bad to experiment (that's between them and whoever), but it's being encouraged. That's the part I don't like. Every sex ed class is different, so not every single one is going to stress that."	9
"Well...Soviet information agrees that Julius Rosenberg did work for the Russians and I believe Meerpol has accepted that. Of course you might think that people who give away, or try to give away, classified weapons secrets to an enemy that is trying to subvert your nation and kill your allies shouldn't be *killed* but it's a harder argument to make..."	9
"Thank you for your submission. However, it has been removed for the following reason(s): * Off-Topic: All submissions to /r/politics need to be explicitly about current US politics. Please review our on-topic statement for more information. * This article doesn't explicitly discuss US politics. If you feel this removal was in error please send a message to"	9
"No way. The comic ending at least tied into Ozymandias being a genius when it came to genetic engineering. In a way, you could at least see it coming. Pitting the world against Manhattan was just silly. Yeah, a big alien squid thingy is silly as well, but within the context of Ozy's character it made some sense."	9
"Hi `BONGLORD420`. Thank you for participating in /r/Politics. However, your comment has been removed for the following reason(s): * Your comment does not meet our comment civility rules. Please avoid personal attacks. This is a warning. If you have any questions about this removal, please feel free to message the moderators.)"	9
"Do you mean would people still commit actions that cause more pain than pleasure? (That's my simple working definition for an evil act). I think so, because people can be greedy - having enough of something, doesn't mean we don't want more, especially if having more is perceived as being advantageous. If you have 'enough' freedom, but you can somehow get more"	9
"Actually, it's about time Israel was removed from the ""holy cow"" status it has retained since WW2. Don't get me wrong, I completely understand the magnitude of things jews had to suffer, but why should a nation that has openly abused the WW2 argument for 60 years, including for the creation of itself, should be given a ""no-questions-asked"" policy now? In my boo"	9
"If this is true, the government is the one that helped this to occur. In a free market, competitive firms will survive while those smaller banks would probably have failed anyway, the main difference is that the government helped keep afloat companies that should have failed by their own bad choices. And, TARP loan or not, GS would've survived, and made record"	9
I can point out that our progress has mimicked Japan's progress insofar as we've implemented similar policies. The countries are different but the economics are the same. The data is there; whether or not you're willing to pay attention makes the difference. We ignored repeated lessons from history. Now we're repeating the events.	9
"You really don't have to be well off to be a congressional intern. I go to school in DC and there are plenty of kids that do 2 days a week during the school year and have night jobs as well. With Georgetown, GW, American, Catholic, Howard, and University of Maryland, there are plenty of college choices for students who want to intern without having to pay extra"	9
">Two of the five most profitable industries in the United States ‚Äî the pharmaceuticals industry and the medical device industry ‚Äî sell health care. With margins of almost 20 percent, they beat out even the financial sector for sheer profitability. Somebody explain that one to me, because I sure as hell can't figure it out."	9
"I hate to be cynical, but this strikes me as a means to an end; I think the Conference just wants any means to gain more localized control and resents any federal interference. The marijuana issue is incidental - cities and counties here in California have opted to ban marijuana. Don't think that these political sharks care about us Ents."	9
"Now that Barney Frank is retiring, we need another Democrat in Congress who will take his place and speak the truth with no holds barred. We used to have an excellent spokesman in the person of Alan Grayson (D-FL). In 2010, he was the most targeted Democrat and criminal corporations, like Koch Industries, spent millions unseating him. We need him back. He w"	9
"Uhhhh yeah go ahead and learn Fourier transformations, CPU design, FPGA, real time operating systems, good modular design and any higher level math class on your own and see how valuable instructors are. I'm not saying it can't be done, some people are geniuses, but for normal human beings its actually beneficial to be surrounded by intelligence."	9
"Poland's foreign affairs minister, Radek Sikorski, is a member of New Atlantic Initiative (subordinate to AEI), whose chief is H.Kissinger. Moreover Sikorski is a veteran senior fellow of the neo-con citadel, the American Enterprise Institute (AEI). In the 1990's he was Rupert Murdoch's financial advisor (for investments in Poland)"	9
"Agreed. If it came down to it, I think if and when the military was ordered to put down a popular uprising that was seeking to overthrow the tyrannical US government, most soldiers would refuse, and join the popular uprising instead. Giving even further weight to the argument that the Second Amendment is no longer needed and creates a pointless waste of life."	9
"Probably plenty of people who bothered to look up who founded eBay. He's done public interviews before as well. Also, how does this not look good for her? He admits that she's a great businessperson and the only thing he disagrees with are her stances are on immigration and gay marriage. There's a lot of people who would probably agree with her views."	9
"That's all well and good but they sampled more democrats than republicans by, I believe, an 8 point margin. To add to that, they polled adults. What they need to start doing now that the election is getting closer is start polling likely voters. I think this race is a whole lot closer than most people think."	9
"> And the instruments that money would have bought in 2005 were not? Nope. Ponzi scheme = convince others to pay in, and you get a share of everything that comes after you. Securities et al = give money to someone else, who uses it to start up / expand a business, do something productive and earn money. He then pays you back ++."	9
"> I dont know a single doctor who wouldnt consider reproductive health Voluntary procedures to prevent the body from doing what it normally does is not ""basic"". It is, and should be, optional. I do not think it should be illegal. I have no problem with BC at all. But calling it a basic need is a stretch."	9
"It's a political thread. Some people hate these republicans so much, that it blinds them to anything else. Hefner went against these repubs (who are bad people, don't get me wrong) now I'm going against Hef, so I must be FOR the Repubs. Either that or it's peoples' love of Hefner's 50 year commitment to showing us the most gorgeous titties on earth,"	9
The Landmarks commission voted 9-0. The community board voted 29-1. The opposition to this building is 100% pure astroturf. Anyone who has ever been near WTC knows that it is one of the most densely developed areas in the whole damn world. No one will even notice this building if they walk past it every day on their way to work.	9
"Irregardless of when it was used, it has not been repealed. I mentioned that some parts were unconstitutional and linked to the case so I am aware of this. However that same case that threw out the convictions said that it would be constitutional if it were used to actually agitate an action as opposed to just instilling a belief."	9
"Amendment X The powers not delegated to the United States by the Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the States, are reserved to the States respectively, or to the people ___ Marriage is not a privilege or immunity to citizens of the US. Now I'm not in favor state bans on marriage, but it's not nearly as simple as you make it out to be."	9
">Yeah this is exactly the problem, you can't take advantage of something then turn around and say that no one else should be able to because you already got yours. Exactly. This is why people who drove gas-guzzling polluting vehicles their entire life can't support increasing restrictions on gas mileage or pollution."	9
"Regardless of whether or not what you say is true, at least we both agree that unfair enforcement is the problem, not the law itself. > they are incarcerated at higher rates because the enforcement of those laws is inherently racist Thanks for playing. And thanks in advance for down-voting this comment."	9
"This is not a revolutionary idea, but reading about this (and following 538 of course), it occurs to me that the cable news stations have no real incentive to tell people this. They want people to watch as much as possible, and so they'd rather make it seem like it's close - so that people have to check in everyday to see what the polls look like."	9
"I'm pretty sure the newspapers that they were delivering folded up in the back is what saved their lives. Mythbusters made a ""bulletproof"" car out of phonebooks (pistols and small rifles, the big stuff penetrated of course). Since the rounds were hitting metal first (for the most part) and then the paper, I'm thinking that's the only reason these women are al"	9
"$12.9 billion for future disaster mitigation activities and studies, without identifying a single way to pay for it. That to me sounds money well spent, if we can spend 12million now to prevent having to spend billion in the future, It is always worth learning from the disasters to see how we can be better prepared next time."	9
"Moving from an initial position is not necessarily a compromise. Let's say that I want a billion dollars for my state to fund a highway to nowhere named after myself. You don't want to fund it at all. I then say I'll settle for $500 million. You say that you still don't want to spend anything. So you look like an uncompromising dictator and I look even-handed,"	9
"While I abhor Rush and all he stands for, making personal attacks like calling him a pig, and mentioning his weight don't help the argument . Judge him for what he says not by what he looks like. As someone that was once 400 lbs, I would find being called a pig worse for me worse then being called a slut (probably because I'm a guy) ."	9
"I say it's the opposite. Since education has been erroding, the work force is getting dumber. Before High schools would actually teach skills needed to enter the workforce, but now schools are more like a daycare where only the kids with drive learn anything. Universities were meant for higher education, but now people need them to learn even basic life skills"	9
"Ill repeat, if you think a liberal or libertarian can get elected as a third party candidate, you are dreaming. Governing requires forming a coalition in every democracy, and in the US that means joining the Ds or Rs. Third parties not only have low support for their platforms, but have no governing infrastructure."	9
"There's a big difference between misrepresenting words (i.e. ""i like to fire people"" and ""if you own a business, you didn't build that"") and taking a situation and completing contorting it and openly lying about it in order to gain political points. Politicians at least used to be a little sneaky about their motives, now you can just go around and openly lie,"	9
This is just congress in action. CHeck out how many democrat votes Obama's budget has received in the [senate] (http://p.washingtontimes.com/blog/inside-politics/2012/may/16/obama-budget-defeated-99-0-senate/) I doubt that this means that the democrats are hypocrits for now supporting obama in the election after killing his buget overwhelmingly 99-0.	9
"Sounds about right. In the decade of the highest economic growth the highest tax rate was 92%. THe wealthiest kept their investments in companies and took a long view, instead of a quarterly view. You have a problem with a skilled worker making money? Maybe we should all be Wal-Mart workers, except those that manage to work in management."	9
"But there simply aren't enough intelligent people to vote for the green party to win, you know this! My plan is vote dem till the reps die off, build a new party off that. For the presidential election I will definitely be looking to the independent party. I think this is when we need to be really getting that shit together."	9
"The contract company might have been getting paid, but the actual workers were probably not. I work in an IT group with multiple contracting companies represented. Every one of us was sitting home using PTO or AWLO during the shutdown, and no one I've talked to was given back pay or had their time returned."	9
"Interesting you should use that comparison. War between the Kluckers and Panthers did not win civil rights for black Americans and bring us to this point that we have elected Barack H. Obama based not on the color of his skin but the content of his character. It took great courage and sacrifice and the will to tolerantly and even lovingly overcome hate, prejudi"	9
"Ah, Ventura, you ol' nutter you. I miss him. Where he is now? What? At the 9-11 truther's gathering? Look, he's got good points every once and a while; this is one of them. But honestly, his general credibility is out the window. Sometimes I'm ashamed to say my state elected him. On a side note: That's a nice mullet he's got there, eh?"	9
"What makes you think it would cause huge riots? The vast majority of our population supports our law enforcement having 21st century surveillance capabilities, so long as they have proper legal oversight. The only scandal that he has revealed is that there may have not been enough oversight over the program."	9
"You are right. I live in a blue state in the midwest. So I guess my view is skewed, but as a single mother who wasn't/isn't a supporter of Obama, I got a lot of heat from some friends on how I 'as a single mother', would even think about not voting for him.... As far as this election goes, I am so not happy with either side."	9
"The dollar has lost 95% of it's value since we left the gold standard. Purchase a 10 year treasury bond and you'll lose 2% of the money you put in to it (after inflation). I don't think it's even possible to go back to a gold standard, so I won't spend time on it. Although.....You said gold is a terrible commodity to base things on, what is the current monet"	9
"It's more that republicans have made a big deal about illegal voting practices by democrats, yet this guy is a republican supporter. More importantly, the type of voter ID laws pushed for by republicans, and which have the side effect of disenfranchising legitimate voters, don't actually regulate absentee ballots, which were the source of 3 of this guy's 4 il"	9
"That's not original to Paul... that was the stance of the Eisenhower administration. Kennedy abandoned it during the Bay of Pigs crisis when it became obvious that there was not a bright-line in some cases to determine whether we are being attacked or not. Therefore, we now use a smarter ""flexible response"" policy that does not commit us to using everything w"	9
"I can tell you from being in the Air Force, that the cut backs in money are really starting to hurt. When I can't even get all the things I'm supposed to be issued to do my job because my squadron doesn't have the money is really irritating. Not to mention the easier and easier it is to get kicked out over something."	9
"http://www.nytimes.com/2004/08/04/business/04halliburton.html This ruling was announced in the lead up to the 2004 election and was not mentioned once in the nationally televised Cheney Edwards vice presidential debate. I couldn't believe it when I watched the debate at the time. Surely Edwards and the moderator could have brought it up, as it was timely an"	9
"Ofcourse. This is different, we're more talkative in Norway by far. We've got several ""ethics"" committees, such as the ""board of computer and digital surveilance"" which reacts everytime someone as much as puts up a surveilance camera. So there's that. We've also got ethical standards to business etc which national companies have to follow through with."	9
"There's lots of 'legal' things you can do in your free companies can fire you for because it's in your contract, why is pot an exception? Nothing illegal about a company mascot doing porn shoots in their free time, or a coke flavor scientist saying Pepsi is a far superior drink on reddit, but it can still get you fired."	9
"Advertising is is in quite a few cases a negative influence on ones ability to make an informed decision. Heck, it's been shown that advertisements can alter your experience of basic qualia before they reach your conscious mind. I can choose my doctors, but I also realize I'm not qualified for the cast majority of cases to actually make good decisions about m"	9
"Uhhmmmm, uhhmm *cough* *cough* marijuana.... I know it's no physically addictive the way alcohol and opiates are and you can get away with heavier usage and still quit easily but you can also easily develop a psychological addiction where you feel like you just don't want to not be high or you don't feel right if your haven't gotten high in the last few hours"	9
"> Also, having the county prosecutor ignore a plea from her house representative is bizarre. Not really - the representative isn't even in the same branch of government and is in no way the prosecutor's superior. They have no authority here and the fact that the representative is trying to impose some could easily be taken as insulting by the prosecutor."	9
"Actually, libertarianism is much the opposite of that. It is only concerned about government as an impedance to liberty. Citizen's United was a pro-liberty ruling, therefore favored by anyone who is in favor of no restrictions on the press, speech, or freedom of association (i.e. incorporation). Signed, -A libertarian"	9
"Hey, sure, if you want. Just remember third party candidates have a harder time than major party candidates because the DNC and RNC have historically co-opted ideas from more narrowly focused third parties (green party, tea party). It's not impossible, definitely improbable (now), but the moral of the story is you're not getting anywhere without a little effor"	9
"Well, normal CEOs earn that much because they are directing their little worker ants in the proper direction to steer that enterprise into profitability, something that a 10,000 company would NOT be able to do on its own. But obviously this guy ran the ship aground somewhere near Price William Sound, Alaska, so we can't make that claim."	9
"A friend of mine who is working on the election had mentioned something offhand about the Democratic Party cultivating one of our Texas Latino politicians for a possible 2016 VP run, and he said that if this politician gets on the ticket, then Texas will go blue. I thought he was crazy, but if Jeb Bush is saying it too... Well, then maybe they're both crazy."	9
"> ""this is necessary for a functioning society"" ""why is a functioning society desirable?"" which is a matter of opinion, but clearly one that people can agree on. Just consider it an axiom. Good, I think we are 100% in agreement then. (Note that your argument is totally different from OPs, which I don't think is very strong)."	9
"I'll say it... Pretty stand up for Hannity to apologize even though he said it was a ""mistake"". Still, I completely figured he would overlook it. Since this story was ALL OVER REDDIT yesterday, I have a feeling some part of how it so widely got out there was because of Reddit in respects to the internet."	9
why exactly? its not a good sign but its not a crisis until someone makes it a crisis. interest rates are still low so the market doesn't think its a crisis. the only reason rates have gone up at all has been because of political uncertainly as the debt ceiling is being used for a high stakes bluffing game.	9
"> Or was he attacking a random strawman? Read the transcript and you'll know what the speech was about: When the GOP cuts, they want to cut from transportation, education and research because they're not seen as pro-business ideas. Obama was explaining why they in fact ARE pro-business ideas (try running business with crumbling roads and no police), and why c"	9
"Yes, they were. We are talking about orders of magnitude difference, though. Raising taxes on *everyone* might be ill-advised in a recession, but ultimately would not create a huge wave of economic instability worldwide. Failing to raise our debt ceiling would crash our credit rating and send the entire world economy into a giant shitstorm."	9
"Not really. I simply don't focus purely on the bad churches, and widen my gaze to see the ones that actually do good, and then consider each church on its merits. Here's one example: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_Church_of_Christ#Activities I do find it humorous that you espouse hate for them because they espouse hate, though."	9
"A staff can be used to guide, a knife is a terrible tool for that purpose. The police are supposed to maintain the peace - protect and guide the citizens - they are not supposed to terrorize and kill the citizens of the country. Bayonets are a tool for killing and little else - far less efficient for policing than a police baton which they already have plenty"	9
Well pilots are paid shitty on top of it. This thread has told of many ways to beat that system unless you are letting people literally watch you pull your dick out. They should test if you are inebriated like a swab test which would be more fair. It's not about fair tho. Most of it is more hoops for you to jump through. http://www.homehealthtesting.com/drug	9
"The ACA is a Heritage Foundation idea implemented first by Republican candidate Romney on a state level. What's broken is it just wasn't liberal enough. It would be better done state by state , but medicare for all would of worked ( with private health care insurance for you rich folks ). The entire employee healthcare system is broken, your boss has no obli"	9
"I think there should be a new rule to become a cop. I think you should have to of been popular in highschool to become a cop. People who never get picked on do not abuse power. It is always the guys that got shit on their whole lifes and they want payback!! BTW, I agree zero tolerance is a dumb ass idea. Please be perfect (no such thing) or you lose your job."	9
It's not so much corrupted as he didn't see much of a case to begin with but knew he'd be run out of town if he failed to even attempt prosecution. So it can be construed by the population that he only really went to the grand jury to have them make the decision he knew he would be ran out of town for.	9
"Police are not forbidden from entering churches. However, churches are private property and do not have to be granted entrance. A church is supposed to be a sanctuary and I would think that those in charge would not want police coming in who obviously are there for no purpose other than to rile up a situation."	9
"Not trying to sound rude, but did any of you guys actually call in to express your opinion and find out how your senators are voting? I just got off the phone with both of their offices. I was told that BOTH senators Boxer and Feinstein are not only supportive, but are actually cosponsors of the resolution being voted on."	9
"I love Ron. He's about the only person I can think of, myself -- but he *does* hold some personal opinions that are important to me, and which I disagree with. Abortion. He's very ""I'll leave you alone"" up 'til that issue, at which point he's fine legislating his morality. That doesn't make him corrupt, in my opinion, just... human."	9
"Sometimes they hit it right over there at USA Today. Not often, but sometimes. The author is right of course. It's inexcusable that we don't have our children protected....they're just targets for any random nut-job who wants hostages. What really amazes me though are the parents who steadfastly *defend* keeping their children unprotected--why? How can y"	9
"This is the #1 reason I'm against capital punishment. I don't doubt there are people who deserve to die, but the risk of the state killing an innocent person outweighs the need for vengeance. Locking the truly horrible away forever accomplishes the same goal but if someone is later found to be innocent it can at least be partially rectified."	9
It's more complicated than that. Can you really trust the aviation industry to pay for security? Who pays for what shares? Does Delta pay more than Alaskan Airlines? There's too much involved to just start charging airlines. It's also one of the reasons Air traffic controllers are federal employees.	9
Of all the theaters in auroua he chose the only one that didn't allow firearms and there where multiple theaters closer to his home. I don't know what his motivation for chosing was but I'm thinking he wanted a target rich and unarmed environment. Edit: I also know quite a few people that only spend money at places that allow them to carry their firearms	9
"Its not really even a plan. Its like if you asked how the GOP could win the Presidency in 2016 and they said ""we have a plan, we need to be more popular than the Democratic candidate, we need to raise more money, and we need to turn out our voters."" Doing those things would lead to a win...but they don't constitute a plan since there is no description on how"	9
"Most people on Congress are quite wealthy and would serve for free in order to keep certain beneficial arrangements in place. However, the system becomes pretty transparent when you have people working for free to establish policies that regulate industries that those same people have millions invested in."	9
"i agree with it when it's added to ""at least one parent must be a citizen"". just because someone snuck over the border and had a baby, doesn't mean that our society should have to take care of that baby (and almost always the parents) forever. I wonder what % of the parents of anchor babies ever go on to get their own citizenship ?"	9
"Exactly. People don't understand how fucked we are. The mountains are getting destroyed by mountaintop removal. I mean they are literally taking the tops of mountains off and putting the dirt in the valleys where the water runs. It's horrible. They put the trees in massive piles and burn em. Now our water is getting ruins by chemical spills, coal slurry s"	9
"Walmart mostly gets such attention because of its size. Meanwhile, California is still letting Amazon get away with not having to deal with the sales taxes its customers are responsible for, giving it an unfair advantage over brick-and-mortar stores. That's millions of dollar's worth of tax being unaccounted for that should be going to our state."	9
"|a man who blew up a housing project because someone changed his designs I think you may have missed the metaphor. The idea was that you own everything you create, since he created the housing project, he could do whatever he wanted with it. Roark also rapes his girlfriend the first time, but I doubt Rand was promoting rape. It's called metaphor, used often in"	9
"I wouldn't blame apathy as the sole reason. Back when I was a university student, instructors would schedule tests and quizzes *that they would not bend on rescheduling* on November 4th. Cocksuckers. And depending on how much a pain in the ass it is in your local jurisdiction, you *might* be able to get an absentee ballot. *Might."	9
"The car stereo thing I can get into. People should be charged with aural assault or something if you can hear their music outside their car. edit: To the upset people, remember that your rights end where others' begin. Also, if you lived somewhere where you frequently heard cars blaring angry, blood-pressure-raising rap along the road you'd understand my obje"	9
"You cannot affect them with boycotts, boycotts only make a company stronger with the free advertising. We have to change the government in this country so that it doesn't cater to corporation's every whim, and so that we keep corporations acting in a way that is best for society, not just their own bottom line."	9
"Those little people will get the same jobs at the next franchise that takes the place of any closed down Chick-Fil-A's. It's not like fast food has a ton of job security to begin with. Besides, by eating at Chick-Fil-A, aren't you hurting the employees at McDonald's? As long as you spend the same amount of money, you're supporting the same amount of jobs."	9
"No, for most of us, a great source of cheap junk. If *most* people had a genuine problem with sweatshops, there'd be a thriving market for more expensive goods produced at higher labour costs. But as it happens, *most* people leave their political awareness at home when they go shopping. (I should probably add that I'm exactly like ""most people"" and as much a"	9
"""Clinton"" does have a big name recognition and not all of it positive. By the time the next president takes office, a 1/4 of a century will have passed since Clinton first ran for office. I don't think it will be that relevant. If Hillary is to win, she needs to clearly demonstrate what she has offer the future and not rest on the laurels of Bill Clinton."	9
"not true. they pay taxes. and in fact they probably pay a much higher percentage of taxes. remember that 95% of people who submitted a tax return form in 2010 got money back due to paying too much in federal tax if they fell under 250,000. this, of course, does not include money paid 'under the table'. but are you really going to worry about a guy that got paid"	9
">The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; If the arts are within the general welfare of the US, and I think it's not difficult to argue they are, then congress has the right to collect taxes to support them."	9
"yes and no. Bradley Manning, drones in Pakistan, NDAA, the assassination of an American Citizen, etc. I think Dick Cheney is a war criminal, but we can't have it both ways. We can't arrest and hate 'their guy' and whistle and hold our ears while 'our guy' does some seriously crazy shit. We can debate that he had to it. But if that's the case, we can't be outr"	9
"AGREED. THANK YOU. with all the security these congressman probably have, they do not HAVE to stay at 4 or 5 star hotels. and im not hating on anyone for wanting to eat some good food, but good food does not have to be expensive. and lets not all forget the most important fact: congressman( and woman) are OUR PUBLIC SERVANTS. they serve US."	9
"Well, let me cut and paste: He spent the vast majority of his time arguing against authority figures who avoided *personal* responsibility for following God's tenets while fulfilling the letter of the law. What fits that description more than a citizen of this country who won't further help others without requiring a change in law that everyone must follow?"	9
"The article isn't about these ideas. The article was about Democrats, Independents, and Republicans being disgruntled with Congress and the President, but that most of them would vote Republican anyway. Although, I don't see Democrats voting Republican anytime soon, it does go to show that independents are more likely to vote Republican which is also shown in"	9
"It depends on where you live, and in many places, sadly, what color your skin is and how wealthy your family is. There are plenty of states where first offense for possessing less than a single gram can lead to jail time. There are other states where possessing an ounce gets you a slap on the wrist."	9
"The article distinctly states that there is no singular definition for middle class, and that most people assume they are middle class, even if qualified as ""upper"" or ""lower."" What is referenced is median income, and a suggestion that maybe this is ""middle class,"" but those are two distinct things when trying to lump people together into socio-economic ""class"	9
My memory says that health care reform was required to keep health care affordable and to help keep more people covered and without health care reform something bad will happen to the economy. So now it looks like there will be no health care reform. I think that some people will regret that there will be no health care reform.	9
They don't like Turks because they're basically imported due to the lack of Germans. It was more or less surreal for me to when I was talking to my German friend's friends over a beer. They literally despised them being in Germany. The main thing that seemed to piss them off though was that they 'always ask for one of your cigarettes.'	9
"That is only half true. I would certainly like to see my generation create this legacy, and my curiosity is insatiable, but my career is entertainment and service. You can automate everything you want, but people are still going to talk to their bartender. There will be a restaurant at the end of the universe."	9
I feel like the political parties themselves are the problem. Your elected official in this day and age really doesn't need to goto washington for anything. Whether or not it should be an up or down vote could easily be decided by talking to the people that voted them in. Not just the people that are rich enough to drop everything and travel to talk to them.	9
"What's interesting about this is that by splitting their votes, the state would almost certainly lose clout in electoral politics. Nobody would bother to campaign in Pennsylvania because there are winner-take-all contests in other states. So we have yet another example of the GOP choosing the interests of their party of the interests of their constituents."	9
">Under an old telecommunications act, emails stored over a certain amount of time are not protected from surveillance. Do you mean emails stored in a provider's service, even if a user deletes them? I don't know how long email hosts keep them around, but I never believed the given timeframe for deleted emails to be purged from their servers. This just stinks"	9
"> and just because a person comes from industry doesn't immediately make them ethically dubious. But pretty much everyone who comes from industry is going to have one or more conflicts of interest from working in that industry. That's the point, and what you must ignore in order to make that statement."	9
"> The edited version is substantially different than the original. I stand by the final version. > In West Virginia the age of consent for normal people is 16, for gays it's 18. Do you want to that to change or stay the same? From what I understand, after Lawrence v. Texas, all such laws are unconstitutional, so they can remain on the books, but are unprosec"	9
"Question: If someone were to suggest to you ""You have an issue with these types of people? Why don't we take all of them, relocate them to another part of the country? Everybody wins!"" that would be outright prejudice and segregation. If Microsoft were to move its main campus to a location that was more progressive and tolerant, wouldn't that just be giving th"	9
"They should pay what small businesses incapable of tax avoidance, sheltering and outsourcing pay. You can debate whether or not taxes are too high, and there's a valid conversation to be had therein, but until such a time, I do view any company that pays less than their smaller competitors as parasitic, however legal their methods."	9
"His entire campaign so far has not so much been an attack on Romney, but a work towards making the moderate centrist republican feel disillusioned towards their party. Romney is now off the ropes and starting to fight back, and the media is getting buffeted back towards a more neutral approach by popular opinion, this is the time to deliver such a message, if"	9
"I've seen other posts that are just as effective with their usages of links. The only difference is that this one agrees with popular reddit opinion. The Scooter Libby link was an obvious stretch to support the histrionic, romanticized, almost fetishistic idea that Bush is a dictator/king/despot. Seriously, he's getting removed in a year."	9
"Do you realize that most wealthy people are small business owners that live in average houses and don't spend a lot on clothes and buy used cars? The guys walking to their brokerage firm in $1000 suits and driving leased cars back to a house that sucks up half their paycheck are almost as broke as you. If you met the 1%, you wouldn't recognize them."	9
"This 2008 election season looked to be a continuation of 2006. If this election isn't about the war and not about the economy and issues are being ignored, then I guarantee you that our next president will be John McCain. The media was complicit in getting us into the mess in the middle east and it seems like they are working overtime on non-issues to keep"	9
"> This is what she says Really? I've listened to it several times now and I'm not really sure what you base your post on. I hear ""dad"", not ""day"". And she certainly does not say ""I"" after the word day. And check this on her web site: http://tinyurl.com/6eplvv It says """"When my dad grew up it was in a working class family in Scranton. I grew up in a church-go"	9
"Except that would never happen in practice due to the massive startup costs and the ability of the entrenched players to undercut startups. The only people that could possibly compete are huge players like Google, who have improved things where they've put in fiber, bit they've shown and stated an unwillingless to do widespread national rollouts."	9
"I thought the GOP was the party of the old, religious, and wishfully frugal, working to keep our society as static during our years of greatest economic success, fearful that any change may disrupt it. And now they think changing our society back to the way it was years ago will fix everything, ignoring that economic bubbles don't work that way."	9
"You're most welcome. Don't fear data - that's worse than the classism you were offended by. Ignorance of reality causes so much harm... There's nothing wrong with information, and I'm not judging based on intelligence or wealth, just am interested in seeing how the social and political dogmas align with those criteria. This isn't to suggest correlation i"	9
"Well now all you need to go to college and get a PhD is a fucking pencil. You have all these colleges trying to get new customers by saying how a college degree will help you create a bright future, when entry level salaries are not even enough to pay for rent, let alone pay off student loans. There are many ways of becoming successful without a higher educatio"	9
"If anyone cares to note, Ireland's economy collapsed during the recent financial troubles and has assumed its prior spot as ""the sick man of Europe"". The ""Celtic Tiger"" turned out to be the same old alley cat. http://www.finfacts.ie/irishfinancenews/article_1021964.shtml I think Forbes should find better support than Cisco and their 8 Irish factories for their"	9
"_Qu'on me donne six lignes _©crites de la main du plus honn_™te homme, j'y trouverai de quoi le faire pendre._ ""If you give me six lines written by the hand of the most honest of men, I will find something in them which will hang him."" -- Cardinal Richelieu, prime minister for King Louis XIII Police are empowered to arrest criminals, and in their eyes, everyo"	9
"This is why he being in the position he is in is scary. The power these nine people have, given by the constitution, is terrifying. We need to be able to trust implicitly that they make decisions carefully based on their legal opinions. If his decisions are based primarily on personal ideologies, or even worse, ideologies of *another person*, then we're in"	9
>[‚Äì]schifosa [deleted] 17 hours ago (1|0) >Yeah but you could go your whole life paying an extra hundreds of dollars every year without ever needing serious healthcare like surgery. Your basically paying for everyone elses care. Im sure you'd be pissed if you were paying 40% income tax to help everyone else.	9
"I agree. This is another form of repression. If you think a person is mature enough to vote and be considered an adult, than you should think they are capable of making their own decision. All this does is call every person who joins the marines an idiot, which is incredibly narrow-minded and false."	9
"Exactly, especially since they have basically admitted that the lift system wont be used for combat operations because it's so prone to wear. Not to mention that it will have no loiter time due to its terrible range. They should have just thrown their contractors a giant pile of money to do nothing and kept the hardware they were already using."	9
"I haven't seen either of those shows, so I concede I don't have adequate knowledge of the specific examples, but I find it hard to believe that the laugh track (or audience, same end result) actually adds to the show. If the show is funny, you should be laughing anyways. I just don't see the purpose of a laugh track besides convincing people unfunny scenes are"	8
"If we grant that most donations to congress members are in the form of campaign funding, it would seem ideal to limit terms. Unfortunately, someone is always going to be running for that seat, even if it isn't the incumbent, and that person will be able to be bought as well. As it is, incumbency is one of the only vote boosters that doesn't have to be purchased"	8
"> to assist an enterprise deemed advantageous to the public If you're doing it simply because it's advantageous to the public, then you wouldn't subsidize handicapped kids who aren't a worthwhile investment. If you don't consider it a subsidy, and instead consider it charity, there's no such restriction."	8
"You are right that we have counted unemployment the same way for decades, with only minor variations. Unemployment was up to 10.8% and it exceeded 9% for 19 months under Reagan. It was a TAX INCREASE in 1982 with a co-operative Democratic Congress that started us on the road to recovery in late 1982/early 1983."	8
They were probably downvoting over an assumption that you had assumed that permits are required. Even if you were assuming that its not a reason to downvote though. I don't think officials would have given them a permit if they thought it was going to last very long or have as many people as it looks to have.	8
"Also note it is not just golf courses. It is also bowling alleys, boat rentals etc. At many bases, especially the overseas ones, these recreational facilities are the only affordable things for military personnel to do besides drink. I am a pretty liberal guy but stories like this make me want to watch Fox News."	8
"It would seem to me, if they did come up with something like an ""Internet Dead-Switch,"" that it would only effectively shut off internet communications with places that decided to comply with such an act. Which means there is absolutely no point in even proposing such a stupid idea, we'd be shooting ourselves in the foot."	8
"I think in this kind of scenario city dwellers won't be of the mindset to be rising against the government, it will be rural compounds mostly. but in the event that the government really does become tyrannical, I would think that enough enlisted soldiers would abandon their posts and join the resistance ... but that wouldn't really require the civilian populat"	8
"The right to buy ""add space"" is understandable. It is important that you can support causes you like. One central concern of mine is the lack of transparency in the system, combined with the inflow corporate money. I fear the impact of these issues combined is underestimated. There's just something completely off by the way things work at the moment."	8
"Where did I say insurance is immoral? I'm not saying the government shouldn't help us when bad things do happen to us, but we can't blame the government for not stopping every bad thing before it happens, especially when that is extrapolated to mean that we should remove the rights of others for fear that they will infringe the rights we happen to find importa"	8
"The whole point of a corporation is to insulate the people that run it from liability. It has been that way since corporations were formed for a sea-going cargo ship. If you want to know more about this subject, read about ""corporate person hood"" http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Corporate_personhood_debate"	8
"Send in an absentee ballot early so you don't need to worry about any unexpected circumstances preventing you from going to vote on Election Day. If everyone that signed the petition sent in an absentee ballot it would likely pass, but we definitely don't have it in the bag yet. We Need 60% of the vote."	8
"I'd say he's actually moderate because of his social policies. He's moderate on economics (re: 70-80s republican) as well. Really he's there for party loyalty and foreign policy since he has a toehold in both the old school realism crowd (Scowcroft, Kissinger, Bush the Elder, Hagel, etc) and is at the fringe of the first wave of neocons."	8
"NATO doesn't apply to the southern hemisphere, so the U.S. would have to act unilaterally if the Europeans didn't feel like helping us out, which they probably wouldn't. Given the current public opinion about war, especially regarding its cost to the government, and given the situation our armed forces are in in Afghanistan and Iraq, I'm pretty certain we would"	8
"The other consideration was that state elections had turned into proxy national elections, with people voting for state senators based exclusively on who they'd elect to the US Senate. As a result, state issues were being forgotten. Personally, I'd rather my state senators address state issues, and leave the national issues for me to vote about separately."	8
"Excluding capital gains from owning a business like MSFT or Walmart, which we're assuming we're doing, top hedge fund managers are routinely compensated over a billion/year. http://www.nytimes.com/2010/04/01/business/01hedge.html Paulson did 3.7 in 2007, and other finance tycoons have been in the high hundred millions to low billions since around 1990."	8
"Interesting. I've got to say that it's really impressive that someone with such obvious challenges, manages to not only use the internet, but manages to type as well - even if what you type isn't entirely coherent. Perhaps in dark days like this one, it's inspirational stories like your own that can help keep the flame of hope alive."	8
"It's understandable if you want to hate on the Koch brothers (I do) after watching this, but save some scorn for ""The Senator From Wall Street"", Charles Schumer. It's also interesting that the corporate buyout of congress started because corporate America took a beatdown from Ralph Nader in the 60's and 70's."	8
"LOL, i live in Iran and people are not allowed to do anything or have their own thoughts! No i live in Norway, and i get now that the original post was a little unclear(but in my defense english isn't my native language) and it's not about ones personal identity. And i feel like i have adressed this in my other posts, so if you care to read them i hope it clari"	8
"True. People do homeschool their children, but the children are tested on a regular basis to see that they are being educated at a similar level to their peers in public schools. The key phrase is ""being educated."" If the home school parent/teacher is failing to educate them to community norms (or not at all,) the children will be sent to public school."	8
"Your car insurance analogy is not a good one. You don't *have* to have car insurance. You *have* to have car insurance if you want the *privilege* of driving on public roads. That's a huge difference. Don't get me wrong, I am not a constitutional lawyer and I have no idea whether this law is unconstitutional or not (leaning towards not), just pointing out t"	8
"Not necessarily, that is only one definition of the word. Decimate can also mean to drastically reduce the strength or effectiveness of something. I would argue that the use of the word decimate here is quite appropriate. https://www.google.com/search?source=dict-chrome-ex&amp;defl=en&amp;hl=en&amp;q=decimate&amp;tbo=1&amp;tbs=dfn:1>"	8
"As someone who lives in Wal-Mart's homeland I actually like the company a great deal. They're very philanthropic to the area and provide tons of jobs that actually pay very well. They do bully their vendor's around quite a bit, but that also brings jobs to the area. They also donate a ton of money to the university up here to improve the quality of education t"	8
"Isn't the government supposed to work for the people? Since the schools are government run, the teachers are government employees. Shouldn't the people be able to have a say in what the teachers are paid, since by extension the teachers work for the people? Which leads back to part of my post: >everyone is paid based on perceived market value for the position"	8
"Indeed, if we have to deal with a two-party system, then both parties should be required to lay out a budget *and* plan for the issues they want to support. Typically, this is their platform, but for many years now, the specifics of platform have been getting muddled and it's purely reactive politics based on funding, lobby, or overwhelming public demand (which"	8
I don't know. It says right on the box it's not fail safe. I actually think both parties consent to the possibility of pregnancy. That's why you wouldn't be able to successfully litigate against a contraception manufacturer if you got pregnant despite using a condom (presuming there was no defect in said condom).	8
"well that's not entirely true either... seems to me when it comes to paying the bills of huge irresponsible banks, they can just up and create money... http://www.economist.com/finance/displaystory.cfm?story_id=13561328 what makes banks so much more deserving than a person? how much do banks hurt without the right medication?"	8
"New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie's administration has settled its outstanding bill with the federal government for the massive New Jersey to Manhattan ARC commuter rail tunnel that Christie killed last year. The once intensely covered mass-transit story is likely to disappear from public view. But for Martin Robins, the memories live on in disappointment."	8
"Not a belief I hold but Christians tend to view any contraception as sinful. They believe it is interfering with conception as god intended it and, while not as a big of a deal as abortion, isn't ok. To those of us who don't see the world that way it is baffling that someone could have that opinion, but it's actually completely mainstream in most of the Chris"	8
"Construction unions. Bernie's game plan = a lot of construction for Americas ""crumbling infrastructure"" , which I fully support. 10k is chump change for a construction union, that's what one member pays in a couple of months of work. Construction unions are extremely strong and they need to support the hand that feeds them. They should be throwing millions"	8
"Sure - but my point still stands, from their perspective there's no reason to decriminalize. It was just difficult for me to imagine their perspective b/c I come from a working class background. I'm not sure why I'm getting downvoted - maybe people don't like the term elitist but there are definitely a lot of rich people in power and their concerns aren't the s"	8
"Who are the aides on the panel (on the whitehouse.gov video atm)? EDIT names as they're coming... Brian Deese, far left. Roberto Rodriguez, 2nd from left. Ben Rhodes, 3rd from left. Sara(?) ..., 4th from left. Kalpen Modi, the guy with the roving mike (the same Kalpen Modi who starred in Harold and Kumar Escape From Guantanamo Bay)."	8
"Wow. I have the same complaint about the big banks. If I need an atm, I have to find a local branch of my specific bank. With credit unions, they are almost all members of the star, coop or whatever network. So, I can go to pretty much ANY credit union to withdraw money without charge. That and most 7-11s now have atms that support these same networks, so"	8
"Well put and I agree, but I still give him a positive score on race. His policies of ending the drug war, 7 or 8 foreign wars, indefinite detention, and not bombing Iran are orders of magnitude better for improving the lives of non-white (and particularly poor non-white) people than Obama, Gingrich, or Romney."	8
"There are those that believe it has gotten warmer, and attribute it to just how the earth is. There are those that believe man is at fault, but don't believe in the government doing anything to solve it, for cynical reasons or whatever. Because of those 2, it will be hard to building a consensus for action."	8
"This needs to be much higher up. I know a lot of people who are completely misinformed on this issue (see other comments), and think that the USPS is paying benefits for workers 75 years from now up front and it's absurd. I'm not saying whether or not this was still the right thing to do, but we should at least get our facts straight."	8
"He deserves a trial. I was reading the editorial that the NYT's did on him. They ask him every five minutes 24 hours a day. ""Are you ok."" This has been on going for 9 months. They use his POI restrictions to torture him. Our president when asked to comment on it said something along the lines of, ""I trust their judgement."" The president is failing his obligatio"	8
"""...and no Warrants shall issue, but upon probable cause, supported by Oath or affirmation, and particularly describing the place to be searched, and the persons or things to be seized."" Tell me how they particularly described the place, persons, and things of 300 million Americans, so they could get that warrant."	8
"You've got to hand it to them. SOPA doesn't pass due to tech company led protests. I know, let's make a shittier bill and give them legal impunity so they won't get in the way of our Orwellian pursuits again. What about Jimmy Wales? I feel like Wikipedia was key in the last one, and he doesn't have the great corporate incentive to sell out his user base."	8
"I looked at the comments, hoping at least someone would point out that the piece wasn't even news, but instead: >Liberals use long words like vitrial to confuse us into thinking there smart. All I know is one down, 17 in the cross hairs!!!! &amp;#3232;\_&amp;#3232; I suppose I should have known better."	8
"Oh, and I forgot to include the Child Tax Credit (different from the child care credit): Credit = 1000/child *2 kids = 2000 So actually, their tax would be 796, not 2796. Total fed tax would be $4,551. Under 999, which eliminates the child tax credit, they'd pay (est) $7,920. Which is an increase of about 74%. I'd say that's pretty significant."	8
"Technically America can be classified Republic Democracy, due to the fact that we have individual states maintaining themselves which contributing to a union public policy via Congress/Representatives. In Fact we don't even have the purest form of democracy which is direct Democracy due to fact that we don't directly make laws, but we elect people who do that."	8
"I know, right? People are going on about some nonsense about the ""first amendment"" and a ""right to assemble peacefully,"" but I think we all know that if that were *really* in the constitution then of course the governor would have known about it and respected it. Edit - Come on everybody, look at the parent poster's username before you downvote. Plus it's hi"	8
"Public shaming may have worked in one luxury market where literally, appearance is all that counts. It's quite a different matter when you're trying to get a median income American to add $100/month to his energy costs (home and transportation). And how much do you think fed/state/local energy use amounts to nationally?"	8
"Wyoming has a middle-of-the-road American education system. There's not really anything wrong with it, and people from Wyoming achieve well relative to the amount spent on education. Let's not minimize what Micheli is saying here by assuming that students in Wyoming are so stupid that it doesn't matter what we teach them. Every American deserves a good educa"	8
"Sure, though my initial claim though was that the legality is disputed. However, there is certainly a potential argument that the Iraq war was a war of hegemony since all the stated reasons have been shown to be false. Of course it would be near impossible to demonstrated this intention in any court."	8
"As I said, state's discretion, but with reasonable justification. License is entirely part of that. What a state can tell you: * We won't give you a license because you are blind * We revoke your license because you have 3 DUIs * You are too old to be able to drive safely, no license for you * etc. What the state can't do: * We won't give you a license for n"	8
"What you guys think is happening may not be the case. If you're going to risk the greatest political scandal of all time and try to fraudulently steal a presidential election using compromised voting machines, you're not going to display your shenanigans on the touch screen for the voter to witness themselves."	8
"Look up Kyle Dinkheller, he was shot during a routine traffic stop, the video for it is pretty scary. Cops get killed and injured all the time. Hate to play devil's advocate, but I think alot if people here don't understand the job. But yes, from everything I've seen so far about this one case, this guy deserves to burn."	8
"Man, I don't know about kids smoking weed. It's not a wise thing to mess with a brain's most important time of development, and I've met a number of young weed smokers that talk stupider than a sack of bricks. Weed is definitely something people should reserve until their minds are fully formed and able to function normally. Kid minds are already heavily imbala"	8
"America has had a long history of allowing immigrants to enlist in the military for citizenship. The highest numbers of foreign-born soldiers in the U.S was during the Civil War and World War 2. Although there are a lot of conflicting ideas about this, I say let'em. If an immigrant wants to ""prove their patriotism"" by joining the military, citizenship would b"	8
"3 million AR-15s in circulation in the US. 30 rounds is the default magazine size. 10-15 round magazines are restricted capacity magazines. An extended magazine would be something like a 100 round drum. Most bullets are jacketed. It's that or hollowpoints. Neither are particularly special. *EDIT* Also, yes, I have a 100 round drum."	8
"I don't endorse it--I'm a former Catholic--but I'm going to play Devil's advocate. There are very few *public* locations that have the capacity, PA system, seating, A/C (ie not the football stadium) etc. and it's usually free or very cheap to rent. In a small town, this may be the only option."	8
"This is a wonderful read. I don't think it's a conspiracy but rather that the u3 isn't the best measure of unemployment, I prefer to look at both the u3 and u6 to gather a full idea of how the country doing. Of course Americans in general can't be bothered to look at two different numbers and figure things out for themselves."	8
"My only speeding ticket ever came from the Navajo Nation. I was moving across the country in a Geo Metro. As I was in the left lane *in back of a semi*, the guy pulled ME over because I was clearly not coming back. I was young and dumb and paid it. I hate getting pulled over by the man. One interesting note, though: Never call an Indian police officer ""Ch"	8
"No, because one region was agrarian, the other was industrial. Removing slavery the equation leaves them at two completely opposite ends of the social, political, and economic spectra. Both sides had mostly disgust for the other's way of life, irregardless of slavery, and the northern states were able to do something about it because of their massive majority"	8
">538 with the timely data to foment a riot. As can be seen by actually reading the article, they did not cite that data to foment a riot. Instead, they cited that data as substantiation for their ""big-picture reforms"" which include ""police demilitarization, the de-criminalization of working-class people"" and ""new policing models."""	8
That's the median salary for a Football coach. That means there will be coaches that make a lot more than that. What median means is that most schools you're going to find coaches making around $1.05 million or more. For the University of North Carolina that is a cost of $3600 per student per year.	8
"The second amendment prevents that. Semi auto guns with detachable mags are 90% of the guns in the country, and also include pistols and shotguns which are just as lethal. Rifles are a tiny part of the problem, and account for around 3% of gun murders. Virginia tech was the most deadly school shooting, and he used two normal handguns with detachable magazine"	8
I am no progammer either but I think it is more complicated than you might think. The tool likely involves some type of encryption. The tool would likely be custom because more standard fare would have known hacks. A custom tool involving incryption is not something your average programmer will bang out.	8
"Don't think it was said that it's *mostly* Californians moving here. The main point is that Austin is a liberal city and it is attracting many liberal people, lots of which come from California. Also, to your stat, people moving from Williamson County to Austin are literally just moving between 1-20 miles. They're really just changing neighborhoods, not cities"	8
"I think it has to do with lack of proper, rational, factual sex ed. And an objective, less emotionally/religiously charged view of sex. If people were taught to be empowered and responsible for their sexual activity and not be ashamed of it or ashamed of buying condoms, unintended pregnancies may decrease."	8
"It's authorized by congress (which makes it legal) but it is clearly a violation of the Fourth Amendment (which makes it not-so legal). I think his goal was not to divulge particularly vital secrets, but to make the public aware of the direction we're going as a country so we can have a discussion about it. He forced the Fed's hand to start talking."	8
"There's a basic mathematical flaw in the reasoning. Why would we assume that the project that takes 10 people costs as much as the one that took 50? If there's one thing tech has done, it's make projects more cost efficient. So more likely, with the same spending, you still employ 50 ppl and get 5x the work done. Edit: iphone related typos."	8
If everybody was management in any place but a small company then no one would do any real work. How often has the boss taken a 2 week vacation and the place still functioned but when the admin assistant went on vacation the almost stops functioning. Not saying the the admin assistant would make a good boss but which one could you exchange and have the least d	8
"I think the problem is that conservatives promote fiscal responsibility *only insofar as social programs are concerned*. They're happy to spend, spend, spend, but just not on programs that might help bring people out of poverty. Not to mention, we'd have to shut down half the government to actually arrive at ""fiscal responsibility"" at conservatives' desired t"	8
"It may connote majority support, but it is not a public vote because the public didn't vote on it. It's a legislative vote. The difference is simple and important. The representatives chosen by the public voted on it, and they will often defy their constituents - it's how elected officials can sometimes wind up with single-digit approval ratings."	8
"Corporations exist to create a buffer identity between the owners of a venture and the consequences of that venture's actions. There is no reason to stop individuals from assembling to cooperatively pursue a venture, but there is also no reason to shield those individuals from the risks involved in that venture."	8
"Ideally yes. And considering that half of the roads in the northern part of my state are dirt roads that are a bitch to navigate with a car, especially around Crandon, it isn't good. On top of that, because of the mixture of warm and cold spells this year, the roads are probably going to look like shit in April..."	8
"you can call him out for things he hasn't promised, but calling him names to invoke fear is... no bueno. he's still the president of the united states, elected by the majority of the people for a term of 4 years. at least work with him, not destroy him cuz the country does seriously need help. and the GOP is not helping with this divide and conquer crap."	8
"Perhaps he thinks political gridlock is keeping people from seeing what they vote for. Let the light scatter the cockroaches to the dark corners of society where they belong. This includes the democrats, their 4ish months of majority rule when obama was elected sure said a lot about who the democratic party is. The ""left"" wing of the 1% (money) party."	8
"There are not many differences between the 2 parties. They both are working for big business, banks, and special interest groups. In the mean time they disguise this with trivial differences to make it appear they are competing that really make no difference during their term as president such as abortion stances, gay rights, etc."	8
">It may not be helping the government get anything accomplished, but it's helping the executive administration call out the ridiculousness of their adversaries. That counts for something. Leave that to the media, not the government officials. It only leads to more conflict and away from bipartisanship."	8
"Prior to the western invasion, the natives were often at war with each other for no less noble a cause. Most people think Europeans fucked up the native Americans, but in reality it was disease that wiped out 90% of their population, not the superior weaponry of the white men. Although I'm not certain the diseases weren't caused by the whites."	8
"I think the idea against this argument is that most people don't invest (or ""pay tax"") toward the effort to reduce emissions, which is just as vital for the common good (perhaps more, in the long run). In making the effort and investment to go solar, you are already contributing something that most people don't."	8
"I'm 36, high school grad with no advantages in life. I busted my ass to get where I am. I have spent my entire adult life saving money for retirement for one purpose. To never have to rely on social security like my own parents will. I don't want people to not have a safety blanket, but I want people to start relying on their own resources not the government. T"	8
"But other politicians do that to much higher extremes than this. And it wasn't really like he was looking for money so that he could get elected, like how Romney and Obama would take money from big name companies for campaigning and then give them free reign to do whatever they want (health insurance and pharmaceutical companies)."	8
"So it's all or nothing? It's going to happen. Not everyone is a Democrat, this has to work so people will trust them. That's what the GOP is so afraid of. You know how many things I want to happen right now? Find a good way to effectively communicate to more people and we've got a shot sooner than later."	8
"It doesn't have to lead to a boycott. Most times, it doesn't lead to boycotts. When he called a 13 year old Chelsea Clinton a dog, it didn't lead to boycotts. This time, the general public has decided that they've had enough of Limbaugh and his style. Like the old saying goes, this is the straw that broke the camel's back."	8
"I cannot say if they profit from war any longer. But I can say that they have a vested interest in ensuring there is no hyper inflation, and thus have a vested interest in insuring oil is sold for dollars, and not some other currency. Hyper inflation in the U.S. would mean a massive loss in loan valuations and other investments. See: Robert Newman's History"	8
"ive seen a few bullet holes man. theyre about as big as a bullet when they go in, and they dont always come out. with a handgun, it probably wouldn't go out the other side. its not like zombie movies. you could shoot a guy on top of you if he's wearing a hoodie and get out from under him before he gets a drop on you. it doesnt explode all over the place like i"	8
"I assumed from your post that you already had one. Yes you should get a guitar first before you buy a custom instrument. They are rather difficult to play, and the one I have is fretless. Go find an acoustic guitar on CL for $50 and don't be discouraged when it takes a couple of months to make any progress with your fingers."	8
"> Compared to any other generational cohort, the generation currently entering the workforce roundly expects higher pay, more responsibility, and more rapid advancement than any other generational cohort. And admittedly, they are required to have higher qualifications to even get a job at all, so the portion who manage to find work *should* expect more."	8
"There are a lot of people with violent tendencies. There are a lot of crimes that indicate that the person may show violent behavior in the future. If we start registering everyone that we think may show this behavior in the future the system will be overloaded, and it's a pretty useless list to begin with. I don't think we should have a lifetime sex offender"	8
"Absolutely not. people can have a mild allergic reaction to marijuana but there has never been a documented death. Most people get a rash or skin irritation from handling it or mild respirattory problems from smoking it. They have never been able to identify what invokes the reaction, there is a very good chance those people are allergic to many different prote"	8
">I'm a conservative and I'm pro-union, because unions are a free-market response to a market anomaly, as opposed to government regulation of the market. I have honestly never heard that particular viewpoint. Is this a common position? Most conservatives I talk to are against them because they think unions are a collection of greedy freeloaders and that's about"	8
"It's not particularly wise: it blames 2 specific factors and denies 1 specific factor, even though almost certainly the problem is all 3 of those factors, and more. I think the person who attributed it to Freeman wanted to add artificial authority to the quote (and it works - Freeman's voice and historical principles add it effectively)."	8
"While I'd agree and say that those making only 20k per year probably screwed themselves somewhere (laziness, not finishing hs, etc.), making assumptions that income is directly proportional to effort is false. At what income level are people no longer lazy POSs? Does this mean all millionaires stay awake all hours of the day, slaving away at their work (mea"	8
"If your case is good enough, you can bring a 1983 action, wherein the actual police officers will usually be immune from liability (or even prosecution!), and you will end up suing the municipality. In other words: the government will allow you to sue yourself and your neighbors for the wrongs hazarded upon you by the getoffmesirs."	8
"This is why Alexander Hamilton argued against having specific amendments for specific rights. If the government was not given the power over certain things, the default would be ""it is a right"". The ramifications today are ""Well I don't see Gay marriage listed as a right in the constitution"" or whatever political flavor of the month it is."	8
"Those are two entirely different scales. I'm a parent myself, and I don't care what my daughter puts on her ipod. In fact, I've turned her on to music that made *her* blush. However, putting a child through school is a massive investment that can easily run into the hundreds of thousands of dollars. Before I put that kinda money out for anything, there will"	8
"He could be doing the responsible thing and making sure the data he dumps isn't so sensitive it starts getting people killed. Additionally, this is one of those scoop's that makes journalists mouth water, greed could be influencing him. There's any number of reasons he doesn't dump the data, hell it makes a great bargaining chip, he could have it deadman switch"	8
">It STARTS with an idea and then you move to prove your idea wrong, I have found that this step comes optional the majority of the time. People do not have time to validate their own existence and much less their ideas. That is why knowledge is validated over many generations with repeated success or so it goes."	8
"The only problem is that ""healthy"" food tends to be expensive. I'd have to see what they mean by junk food. Of course ice cream and soda are included, but what else? This is where things get tricky. Do you mean only to buy the hipster culinary selection, which gets expensive? Note: the ""healthy"" is in quotes because there's things that are deemed healthy but a"	8
"About 1 a year, average, over the past decade. Those things aren't meant to kill people anyway. They're a symbol of protest. The only reason the Zionists like to pretend they're weapons and that they're a threat to Israel is so that they can justify all the criminal behavior they carry out against The Palestinians."	8
"I was with you until the ellipsis. Words like that are creating two much hostility between the reds and blues. Need both parties to work together for a stronger country. like it or not 46% of the people in the US are red. The electoral college needs to be changed, as well as the gerrymandering. In a better world Democrats would look at this as the first step"	7
"I know a couple of Danes who left Denmark. Obviously they are a biased and small sample, but their reasons were that it is incredibly boring to live in there, and you have very little money left to do anything you might actually want to do after paying all your taxes. The government provides lots of stuff for you, but it's like being a well-cared-for pet in a"	7
"> Now why would they do that? To salvage the wreckage, search for survivors (if it was manned), inspect the damage to surrounding infrastructure, reuse the site, or any one of a hundred other possible reasons. On the other hand, what reason would they have to keep it the way it was after being bombed? Why shouldn't someone try to rebuild after being attacked?"	7
"There HAS to be more to this story. Otherwise, the lawyer who represented this guy is liable for malpractice and the judge is totally out of her mind, but I doubt it. The guy may have millions in assets, or sitting in a bank somewhere, while only showing a low income. Who knows, but we are not getting the full story."	7
"No one wants to take your gun. Just be careful with it, please. We know you need it, but just be careful with it as you have an affection for a dangerous thing. I get it. I am attracted to sports cars, racing bicycles (I've crashed three times and been hospitalized twice) and I used to be a risky skier (outran an avalanche once). Yeah, the macho thrills ar"	7
"ABC stores share space in shopping centers right? The students who were approached by ABC agents were in a parking lot at Harris Teeter. Do grocery stores and ABC stores share parking lots in shopping centers? Either way, the state shouldn't be running running liquor stores setting prices and inventory lists. Virginia ABC has too much control with alcohol r"	7
> How will these people still get serviced in an environment where it's not cost effective to deliver their mail or packages? Make USPS only serve those communities. As an example the federal government subsidize a number of commercial flight routes but not all commercial flight routes. Why couldn't USPS be re-tasked to only provide services to communities who	7
"True, not all who pledge will follow through. But I just called Mr. Freeman and wrote their general email box. After I drive the 2,200 miles I'll have to drive this Christmas to see my family I'll email him the gas receipts. Anyone else taking Amtrak or Greyhound or renting a car should do something similar."	7
"I did notice that. But it goes along with economic theory as well, as I said. Why would you hire a non-English speaker at $15/hr when you could get a part time college kid or something that speaks English perfectly for that amount? This is not a rhetorical question. This is what you're suggesting occurs."	7
"Sure you can, but employees are taking a risk hiring someone, and they want a good chance of an employee being worth their investment. Employers were more willing to train when people didn't switch jobs like they do now. Most of the time if you train someone, they don't stick around long enough to make it worthwhile"	7
"Actually the first shot was aimed at the cieling according to reports. Technically it's possible that someone could have stopped the shooter before anyone was injured, although it still technically would have been a shooting, it wouldn't have been a tragedy. This particular shooting where 12 died would have been prevented, and a different less tragic one woul"	7
"Parties share policy stances, records, and values, genius. Try passing legislation in a representative government by your lonesome. Politics is about herding cats, not expressing your unique individuality by demanding that your representative matches your every whim exactly. Considering it is a two-party system, figure out which you align closer with and act ac"	7
"Looking at the post title, seeing Ohio: > Cleveland? Was it in Cleveland? I bet it was in Cleveland. ""From Rodney King to Amadou Diallo to Sean Bell, stories of police over-response continue to fill the news. But the latest shooting, in Cleveland, has many asking if it will ever stop. Mansfield Frazier reports."" ...Goddammit Cleveland."	7
"I was just looking at some of the things on that site, and although it would appeal to people like me (generally liberal/democrat), I don't think other people want to see stuff about expanding gay-rights, abortion coverage, a 800 billion dollar stimulus bill. I think it's great, but other people definitely may not."	7
"$25 for a photo ID? That's very cheap... in my municipality a passport costs $60, a drivers license $52 and a standard photo ID $50. You're required to carry one of these three with you at all time from age 14. Thanks to this, the supreme court has ruled that children should not have to pay for a photo ID (but I believe that's the only exception)."	7
"Okay, I will admit, I do not go on conservative websites or watch Fox, but I have seen plenty on MSNBC about it, and it seems that everyone they bring on to talk about it just says it's in terrible taste (an opinion of which I agree for a number of reasons). I don't see anyone actively blocking the building of the center."	7
"If they coupled it with something limiting the power of corporations in politics, I might be tempted to compromise. But this is pretty one sided. If you work a 40 hour week, thank a union. Many of the workplace regulations that prevent sweatshops and child labor were born of union activism. This isn't about freedom, it's about corporate power."	7
"I don't believe supporting an antiwar candidate is a waste of time and effort, it injects memes of peace into the political dialog. Eventually enough of us will be talking the end of wars we will reach a tipping toward peace. Or maybe I've consumed too much holiday nirvana and don't know what the shit I'm talking about. You be the judge."	7
"I'm extremely pro-life (religion has nothing to do with it, asshats). But I'm not like ""ANYONE WHO WANTS AN ABORTION IS A FUCKED UP BITCH AND THIS AND THAT."" I feel like there needs to be more support for people who ""need"" an abortion, instead of being Nazis about it. Make people not feel the need to have an abortion. The understanding of needs is the answer to"	7
"Woah! My neighbors aren't gay, but they moved in next to me and were asking me for church suggestions because their preacher/priest/whatever started to say all this anti-gay stuff, so they were looking for a place that was more progressive. I had no idea this was a huge phenomenon, but I guess I can say I can ""confirm"" this trend based on what I've witnessed"	7
"Not sure why there's 14 (and 13 in that list) when only 7 voted nay on the passage of the bill in the first place, according to the senate.gov's website. Coburn (R-OK) Harkin (D-IA) Lee (R-UT) Merkley (D-OR) Paul (R-KY) Sanders (I-VT) Wyden (D-OR) Source here. edit: The vote this post seems to be referring to is here. I am unclear what the senate considers a"	7
"Hmmm. You're saying that Anarchism is left-wing. It is my understanding that typically Anarchism is right-wing, e.g. anti-government. (The ultimate limited government.) I do recognize that some anarchists do consider themselves to closer to the left, though, although I'm not personally able to understand their mental contortions."	7
"> Should we talk about how shady some of democratic candidates are? Sure, just look for any of the hundreds of thousands anti-hillary stories, of which there are FAR more of on the internet than anti-Rubio stories. Your follow up points are somewhat hostile and judgmental, you should avoid that, it's never constructive."	7
">I heartily accept the motto, ""That government is best which governs least""; and I should like to see it acted up to more rapidly and systematically. Carried out, it finally amounts to this, which also I believe ‚Äî ""That government is best which governs not at all""; and when men are prepared for it, that will be the kind of government which they will have. -"	7
That is where you are wrong. Corporate personhood does not grant corporations all the constitutional rights given to a natural person. They can't marry hold public office or vote among other things... Although I do agree that the rights given to corporations should be strictly defined and very limited.	7
"Hmm.. Okay. I didn't know that before. However, I thought that most small business owners don't make anywhere near the $250k that the President wants to set as the benchmark for raising taxes. In your reference, would this suppose that the _business_ income that exceeds $250k would be taxed even though it's technically a personal income tax increase? Still"	7
"You know, while I of course support equal rights and protections regardless of gender (or sexuality, or race, etc) and wouldn't argue *against* the ERA, I'm not sure why it's necessary, given the first section of the Fourteenth Amendment. (If someone more knowledgeable on Constitutional law could explain it to me, I'd be grateful.)"	7
"Why not get rid of the IRS all together and implement a national sales tax. This way everyone pays taxes, illegals and people who work for cash. Also, no one has to pay taxes if they do not wish. This method encourages savings and promotes jobs by not taxing corporations which makes them more competitive. It is really the way to go in order to have a free so"	7
"But, that is for payroll tax, estate tax and capital gains taxes, which are primarily taxes on the rich are at their lowest in recorded history. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:Estate_Tax_Returns_as_a_Percentage_of_Adult_Deaths,_1982_-_2010.gif http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:Top_Capital_Gains_Tax_Rates_and_Economic_Growth_1950-2011.jpg"	7
"Correct, so seeing a bubble in the stock market takes more finess than just looking at one single metric. What makes me think this stock market is in a bubble is the fact that stocks are rising amid such high unemployment. There will be a trading ceiling in there and it will hit sometime in the future."	7
"I think that's a pretty fair assessment. I just had a discussion with a conservative friend of mine and he said it basically comes down to survival of the fittest. But it also seems like the conservatives, broadly, have a failure of empathy. You can go into stereotypes on either side, but it seems accurate here."	7
"Oh, I thought snake oil meant something different, guess I learned the hard way ;). Cannabis cures nothing, but it has been said that no other drug comes even close to helping and relieving such a broad variety of ailments and illnesses, I think that makes it a pretty special medicine being denied it's full potential."	7
"I don't understand? Why are the delegates being proportion for only the top 2? Doesn't make sense. It also states ""if there are no changes in support"" and I think we can both agree that Rick Santorum was a miraculous one-hit-wonder and will not be around in a couple months. Ron Paul's fan base will still be there stronger than ever though."	7
"No, but it's an established fact that he had a tape recorder running. Before the advent of the VCR, that's what people had to do, I guess, if they didn't want to miss their shows. I forgot exactly what happened to the tape recording, but it wasn't allowed to be used as evidence. The information can be found somewhere in this documentary."	7
"So long as you're talking revolution like ""The Republican Revolution"" that happened in 1994 then it's all good. Working within the system as the system does actually still function. Should the system itself break down... well then things get bloody and honestly I pray it never comes to that since what we'll have when it's done will not be a democracy."	7
"I just think Rand will be much more popular than his father and might try to run in 2016. He is almost just like his father, but much more charismatic and there are no age issues. My own mother says she hates Ron, but would vote for Rand if he ran basically just because he's young and good looking to a 40 year old woman. Even though his beliefs and political st"	7
"That is what I meant. Exxon maintains an artificial shortage of refined products to keep prices high. The ability to extract the oil outstrips the ability to refine and get market. This bottleneck is by the choice of the companies. It is quite possible to have < $1.00 a gallon gas again, and the could still profit greatly."	7
"No honest person can tell you that it would be cheaper [or more expensive]. There are far too many unknowable variables to consider. Currently, FedEx and UPS are not the cheapest for all types of package shipping, but in those cases, they compete in other areas, such as speed, tracking, etc. I would prefer to have the same choices for letter [mailbox] shipping"	7
"That's tomorrow, and that is it for us today ... okay, I don't know what‚Äîwhatever it is it's not right on the seashore. I don't know what that is. I've never seen that. ... Okay, but‚ÄîI can't understand it. Rising and falling seawater. What do they mean? I don't know what it does mean: moving seawater. Unexplainable forces?"	7
"> The widespread belief is that Rafsanjani has been in the holy city of Qom, working to assemble a religious and political coalition to topple the supreme leader and President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad. I have been waiting for someone to actually get something done and put some purpose behind these protests."	7
"The reality is not quite that sinister; it's just that the public schooling system we have now was designed to produce factory workers back when everyone could get a job in a steel mill and make a good living for 40 years that way. We haven't seriously re-examined the entire educational system since then, and an uneducated populace is what we get."	7
"How much does one man really need, anyway? At least he appears to recognize it. Even if he were doing it solely to look good, it's working and he's done a lot of good. I'd like to think that, were I in his position, I might do the same thing, because really, I just want to be relatively debt free and comfortable. I don't need a billion and one things."	7
"You could definitely educate people about that WITHOUT calling them liars! I'd have been really interested to hear about this. Ok, so basically what I'm getting from you is: Mormons repudiated this prophecy in the same way the lead folks ""repudiated"" polygamy -- i.e. they say to the public that it's bad, but it's still discussed with insiders. Am I getting"	7
"Analysts point out that the imitation of journalistic norms has spread to comments at the popular social bookmarking website. One analyst commented, ""It seems like readers are hungry for the appearance of objectivity."" In reaction to these developments, the Dow Jones Industrial Average plunged in early trading, to end the day 30 points lower."	7
"Still not sure how Bush started the process. There is no evidence that his torture program lead to intel we could act on 8 years later. He wasn't trying to go into Pakistan to find Bin Laden. He even said finding Bin Laden wasn't a priority. I wouldn't give Obama all the credit, but I wouldn't give Bush any of the credit."	7
"I don't understand what this is really about. People signed petitions speaking their mind against Glen Beck, but it's humorous / whatever you want to call it when people defend Glen Beck? It's all relative. Most people on Reddit will see these people as idiots, racists, etc. However the people signing this petition would share some ill mannered thoughts of pe"	7
"While I personally didn't downvote you, I think your comment was downvoted for, if anything, it's naivete. Our system of checks and balances is obviously not working for gay folks in the same way it failed to help (and continues, in many cases, to not help) several minorities gain their rights from the majority less than a century ago..."	7
"Does he have to? Constitution says you can occupy only one office, not what offices you can run for. However KY law disagrees currently. I think it would be in Kentuckys best interests to let him run for both. If he was up for reelection in 2018 this would be a moot point. Look at the sitting president, he didn't resign his Senate seat until he was elected"	7
"He spoke at my college; I had never heard him before, so hearing that voice was a huge shock. For the first 15 min of his speech he sounds like a cross between a grandmother and a creaking door; his passion for the issues (in this case environment and health care) shines through enough to take you past it though."	7
">And this was mainstream Islam at its finest. Could you please provide a factual basis for the claim that mainstream Islam was/is in concurrence with the calls for the death of Salman Rushdie? Perhaps you could start by explaining what - according to your understanding - is ""mainstream Islam""? Thank you."	7
Well in that case he is right I guess. If for instance $100 is worth 100 buble gums and its circulating and then somebody dillutes it so that $100 is worth ten buble gums but we have $1000 in ciruclation... then yes we have the exact same amount. But also we can purchase the exact same amount so the overall economy has not moved an inch.	7
"Banks help stimulate the economy. Your money (that will get deflated) -> Bank -> Bank supports new &amp; upcoming businesses using your money while paying you interest, albeit low interest it's better than just leaving it to sit and deflate-> businesses grow until they no longer need support -> more jobs, more money for the people, more money for you."	7
sometimes you have to bite the bullet and compromise for a greater purpose. after the election reforms greens and libertarians can at least argue honestly and on a level playing field. i.e. they both have more to gain by working together on this one issue than they have differences (their differences don't matter if both parties are excluded from participation	7
"But imagine if it was just one cell phone service provider; they could charge whatever they want for their service and people would be forced to accept it, this way they are balancing themselves out to maximize profits (good thing) while keeping a low cost to the consumer(generally a good thing as we are the consumers)"	7
"I have given it quite a bit of thought. What's the alternative given us? The corporations were bailed out, millions of people are still underwater, draining their retirement accounts to pay mortgages to companies rewarded for their conduct. These mortgages and the cars people are now buying should have gone at fire sale prices. Just my thoughts."	7
">Pushing policies that result in unequal treatment under the law and financial and personal gain for a single privileged group is, in fact, criminal, and many of the social results of those policies, such as a significantly higher suicide rate among gay teens, is the same as violent crime. Can you point us to the relevant statutes?"	7
If everyone has the right to not join the union then it is fair. More members means more resources. If you are unhappy with your wage/benefits/etc then join the union. If you are content then there is no reason to join. Just because you have the right to join a union doesn't mean you have an obligation.	7
"Uh... right. On the other hand, it's entirely possible that calling Hitler a punk bitch wouldn't have done much to stop his invasion of Poland. But while we're on the topic, what kind of ""support and independent adjudication"" do you believe the international community should have provided to Poland?"	7
"They are becoming overpriced, they're probably using the extra cash so they can improve stuff that doesn't have any help to an education. I'd rather go to an okay looking campus, with an okay sports program, have a great education, and only pay 20K a year, than go to a masterpiece of a campus, with a national winning team, have an okay education, and have to pa"	7
"Yes, but I feel like getting information from diverse sources, even if I think what they are purveying is false and derogatory. Especially if what they are purveying is false and derogatory. Know what the people who oppose you (I hesitate to call them enemies) are being fed and you have a better chance of actually engaging them in meaningful debates."	7
I for one know people Personally who paid into a fund to keep that law from passing. All 5 were Very successful collective and dispensery owners. By very successful I mean millions from their trade. You're completely right. The law itself was too vague. I still feel until we get every smoker on One side it won't happen	7
"I keep on hearing this statement get thrown around as though it's true. Kerry received 88% of the black vote in 2004. Obama received 93% of the black vote in 2012. On the other hand, black republican Tim Scott pulled in only 10% of the black vote. The numbers show it's not a black/white issue it's a democrat/republican issue."	7
"My teacher in our Journalism course liked to remind us that the average American had about a 6th grade reading level. So, if your writing couldn't be understood by a 4th grader, you're going to lose about half your audience right off the start. Comparing something complicated to a cartoon ogre is just about the right speed."	7
>a comprehensive document sent to creditors before they vote on a plan of reorganization. The Old Carco plan also proposed repaying Class 1 priority claims in full. Meaning the Treasury will take the 3.7 billion hit so the campaign contributors can get first dibs at the assets remaining. TARP was suppose to supersede Class 1 claim holders in the event of BK.	7
"I don't really care a whole lot if a presidential candidate sleeps with thousands of hookers, if he'd make the best leader, I'd want him running my country. ""Family values"" seems tangential to the ability to effectively lead a country. With that said, I don't think Newt Gingrich would make a very effective political leader, and I don't particularly care for hi"	7
"I'd rather have something sprayed with things to kill bacteria than have it filled with bacteria. I think the worry should be more along the lines of ""Is the bactericidal agent removed in processing."" I dont' care about the idea of my food being treated with ammonia, chlorine... hell use kryptonite if that's what it takes to kill the bacteria. Just be sure i"	7
"I dig what you're saying but I also know that kids are gonna go nowhere without at least a bachelor's degree anymore. I also know that the rates were just voted to double to over 6%. Now, how are banks going to figure in the necessity of a college education with their ""risk assessments""? What will those rates be? I'm betting pretty crippling."	6
"Think of it like any professional with an obligation that transcends the workplace bounds. If Senator Jon Doe posts on his blog that he hates ""them gay folk"", do you think that might come back to haunt him even though it was on ""his own time""? Some people are in more sensitive positions, and are generally held to a higher standard than others."	6
"I'm wondering the same thing . . it is always the 'non-violent' aspects of revolutions that we are taught in school, as if pure pacifism has EVER been the sole cause of a revolution. You're never told about the unavoidable bloodshed that accompanies every coup, as that information is not really in any government's best interest to provide."	6
"Chrome says: **Warning: Visiting this site may harm your computer!** The website at politicalirony.com contains elements from the site www.step-traff.info, which appears to host malware ‚Äì software that can hurt your computer or otherwise operate without your consent. Just visiting a site that contains malware can infect your computer."	6
"My taxes, insurance and mortgage payment is just shy of $650 a month, I can't even touch an apartment where I live for that much. That said it all depends on where you live if renting or buying is cheaper. PS I don't live in a bad area, the crime rate where I live is low and the neighborhood is nice."	6
"Despite what the documentary claims, the term ""Al-Qaida"" was in use at least as early as 1998, as it appears in Clinton's Executive Order 13099: http://en.wikisource.org/wiki/Executive_Order_13099 The doesn't necessary negate the contention that it's a US invention, but it certainly wasn't in response to 9/11. So there's that."	6
"Thanks! Can you link anything to me? I found some stuff (like this but having a hard time figuring out exactly who was holding who hostage. I was too young at the time to know what was going on. In any case, you're talking about a time when the GOP hadn't gone completely batshit crazy yet, and I just disagreed with them respectfully instead of believing them t"	6
"Thanks - my first thought from the headline was that this was about state vs. federal court. Though, I won't be surprised, if they find the guy was acting in-coordination with an 'organized enemy of the state' (Al Qaeda), that they will try him in a non-civilian court. THe laws exist to do so, regardless of his citizenship."	6
You should push for that on the state level. There's probably a bill already in progress for your state. The citizens of a state have much more control over the their state legislation than they do on a federal level. Health care really shouldn't be a Federal issue anyways. Examples: http://www.healthcare4allpa.org/ http://vermontforsinglepayer.org/	6
I've heard of a 4 year rule that makes sense to me. Basically an 18 year old could date a 14 year old but a 20 year old could only date a 16 year old. Even if we were more conservative and made it a 2-3 floating age difference I think it would much more reasonable then having a girlfriend at 17 and then having to wait two years to be together just because you t	6
"You might want to check the current state of tech with batteries used in conjunction with grids. They've been in use within grids for decades, and never have they been anything but something to provide power for a matter of seconds or minutes, not several hours or days. Even the largest battery bank in the world can only provide power for the region it's used"	6
"Fun fact I learned about Godaddy. If you create a namesever record and another person (with a different domain) adds your namesever for their domain, you can't delete the nameserver record as long at the other domain is listing it. After spending an hour on the phone trying to explain to Godaddy why this was a problem for me I said fuck it and started moving"	6
"Uhh... fuck! ""Sec. 7. This order is not intended to, and does not, create any right or benefit, substantive or procedural, enforceable at law or in equity by any party against the United States, its departments, agencies, instrumentalities, or entities, its officers or employees, or any other person."""	6
"If you want to know why this prop is on the ballet read this http://www.sfgate.com/cgi-bin/blogs/inmarin/detail?&amp;entry_id=63140 >On Friday, May 7, 2010 Marin County made history as the very place in the nation to provide community aggregate energy for its residents as an alternative to a public utility energy provider."	6
"Not the biggest Romney fan, but I respect this for sure. They didn't even advertise this act of charity at all, and I'm sure Mitt could've used a little bit of positive publicity around that time. I think this is especially commendable, because so many politicians come out of elections with solid chunks of change left over in their campaign ""war chest"", and j"	6
"> If you follow the link, a full explanation is there. If you've read the conversation, you'll see that mrplow8 showed why the argument was ad hominem, and thus that all statements that were part of that argument were actually directed at him (an irrelevant subject) and not at his position (the relevant subject). Irrelevant arguments, once shown to be irrelev"	6
"This is a decent theory in fact...but one of the pitfalls could be that only the ""rich"" would be able to run/win due to personal financing of their campaigns. We would have an issue with candidates spending personal funds to out-campaign the competition. This could be a slippery-slope. I would maybe put a cap on the public financing."	6
"In the Middle East, showing the bottom of your foot or shoe, let alone throwing it at someone, is a grievous insult. The journalist that did this was beaten and taken away within seconds and held in prison for awhile. He probably thought he was going to die but also thought it was worth it. Anyway, Dubya dodged that shoe like a boss, have to admit."	6
"As he has repeatedly said, he does not support the gold standard or any standard set by the government. He supports letting the free market work out it's own standard. I don't know if this is a good idea or not. For Paul's part, he does give examples in his debates of times in history when the free market was allowed to set it's own standard and things worke"	6
"So, I was a bit antagonistic with you because I have a recollection of someone with your username making some questionable statements. However, after looking back through your posts, I see that you're well spoken and an atheist. That's good enough for me! I apologize for my antagonism. I have adjusted my moderation accordingly."	6
"That argument may apply in this case (though I found a post where /u/four20_JDM claims to be 19, so they clearly still have some growing up to do) but there are tons of people working 2-3 jobs and still struggling to make ends meet. We need to make sure we're not throwing them out with the bath water, so to speak."	6
"I'd prefer that we just use the savings from a cheaper healthcare system to fund government run research. It would be nice if my government was researching the drugs that the world needs the most, rather than pharmaceutical companies that worry about profit over ethics. And yes I know our government *does* fund medical research, I just think our profit based mo"	6
"I believe you that you never saw that stuff first-hand and the image presented in the media was probably a bit misleading (although there were some pretty scary signs showing up at some of the rallies). Still, I have to wonder (as many have done) where all that anger was coming from given the ballooning debt prior to Obama. In other words, why now? Why this pre"	6
So if I want to print a flier saying that a local school district referendum (say mandating prayer in school) is bad the government should outlaw that? I just want to understand your views. What if a politician has a bill slashing local school funding 75% should it be illegal for a group of parents to band together and buy a tv add against that?	6
"I have an interesting thought. Rand can only be proven right, but could never be proven wrong. She could be proven right when an ideal is discovered - but you can never discover an anti-ideal. Still, I don't look at ideals that way. I think there is an ideal for every individual. To say that each man had the same ideal would mean that each man is the s"	6
The problem here isn't the ranger but their bosses. If it takes as many people to run a site as to prevent people from accessing it logic would dictate to leave it open as it would cost the same. If it costs less to close it and you need rangers to secure it then it makes sense to close it. I'm not sure what the case is here though.	6
"I once heard that male is dominant in professional cooking due to the harshness of the job itself. Cooking job is comparable to jobs like laying bricks or manual farming. The physical requirement makes it more compatible to men rather than women. But, all of that was said by a male chef, so it might be biased."	6
"Even better link: http://www.sciencedaily.com/releases/2009/12/091230184221.htm >Most of the carbon dioxide emitted by human activity does not remain in the atmosphere That's true, but misleading. About 55% of anthropogenic CO2 is absorbed by oceans and terrestrial ecosystems and 45% ends up in the atmosphere."	6
"There's a semi-valid reason for this. People sometimes forward advocacy emails to friends who then click the unsubscribe link at the bottom. When they do this, it's not the person who received the email second hand who gets unsubscribed, it's the original recipient, and without their knowledge. This can seriously screw things up."	6
"Not all states count write-ins who didn't register ahead of time. Remember that story about Obama and McCain both missing the deadline to register for the ballot in Texas? It was mentioned they had also missed the deadline to be accepted as write-ins. By the way, does anyone know the status of that suit? Or the suit that claims Obama isn't a natural born citiz"	6
"Well, that's true, and I see where you're coming from. But if we can't respect the delivery of the message, and we can't respect the message itself...is there any room for respect at all? As unfortunate as it is, these people represent somewhere around half the population. If we can't figure out some way to interact with them politely, where does that leave us?"	6
"Having institutional charities smooths these random jitters. If a church makes food available, the donations don't come in to benefit a particular hungry person, and so don't depend on how sympathetic the person in need is. I don't have data, but I would guess that (outside of intra-family giving) more charitable giving is done through organizations than throug"	6
"I'm not at all agreeing with creating new (higher) tax brackets, but there are a few people who do make more than a billion dollars a year. For example, here are the highest paid hedge fund managers from a few years ago (I didn't search too hard, but I'm sure there are updated lists for the past couple years that show the same): http://www.ritholtz.com/blog/2"	6
"Word. I enjoyed my time and have nothing truly negative to say about being in a union. I don't really understand why so many people look at them as a bad word. I do think that in some ways the unions could have been smarter in how inflexible they were and been more diligent in fighting corruption in their ranks, but IMO the good they provide outweigh the ba"	6
"It's not so much about being lazy about it. Even though the original Kanellos has died, the new one still retains that nickname in honor of the original (even though his name is technically Louk), and you could make a case that Kanellos is his last name, since it's suspected that his dad was Kanellos ;). Wikipedia has a page on the two of them."	6
"I have a permit to carry a concealed weapon in Michigan and we were taught to do everything we can to avoid conflict while carrying. I can't imagine making any of the decisions Zimmerman did that night. I agree that there probably wasn't evidence to convict him of 2nd degree murder, but I have serious misgivings about his intent and judgement that night."	6
I agree with you. I'm just giving a rationale that I have heard. A business owner with trained employees is going to be able to keep a captive employee base if those employees aren't likely to leave due to health reasons. Or they aren't likely to leave and start a company that does a similar thing. You stay where you are because that's the only way to stay heal	6
"I would say that I was able to legally and correctly apply as a person with zero income while actually being a middle class person. On paper I was dirt poor, however in practice I had the resources of two high wage earners behind me. In fact I had purposefully arranged my work and financial situations to show up as dirt poor on paper in order to obtain the gr"	6
"The information claims it would be paid for by a variety of taxes (that are still less than our standard health care costs)...but I wonder if it takes into account the hundreds of billions we spend for Medicare subsidies paid to hospitals, insurance companies, and doctors that could be completely eliminated."	6
"The Impact of Anti-Black Racism on Approval of Barack Obama‚Äôs Job Performance and on Voting in the 2012 Presidential Election (pdf) And again, how do you feel about racial profiling? Has it ever occurred to you that it is literally judging someone by the color of their skin and not the content of their character?"	6
"I'm not saying he gave $31B maliciously, but I think it should be noted that he still has $50 billion. I don't think he's a bad person (certainly not), but I thought I should point out that that particular charity is largely irrelevant to our economy, and I thought I should add that he *could* expect some sort of gain (not necessarily monetary) from giving it."	6
"Oh, try reading The Week. It's a really good magazine that takes articles and opinions from all over the political spectrum when discussing a story. They've got politics, science, business. Something like 50 bucks for a year's subscription. If you're looking for something to read on the can this is it."	6
"Fun fact, when I was younger I saw the gov give an interview on tv where he mentioned having a republican lt. Governor and generally being a pragmatic moderate. I was so impressed I decided to write him an email, and wouldn't you know it got published in some Helena newspaper! I only knew because I Googled myself one day and the article popped up!"	6
"Whether or not it's a choice, one could make that argument. If homosexuality is a genetically predetermined inclination, then why aren't all varieties of sexual inclination? There are obviously plenty of reasons for a society to accept homosexuality without accepting *all* types of sexuality, but the choice/no-choice distinction is irrelevant for separating th"	6
"Thank you for writing this out. I've been following the NDAA controversy pretty closely, and it's become apparent to me that most people don't really seem to comprehend the full extent of the issue here. It's not a black and white situation, and viewing it that way is a gross oversimplification of the laws at play."	6
"There is equally limited evidence that it will only be as bad as the predictions. So: it could be better, it could be worse - what we have is a best guess of experts. So **the-empty-suit-files** give us your qualifications and expertise and enlighten us with the limited evidence available. I really am listening."	6
Please take 15 minutes to watch the video I singled out above: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c3jnFtSElH4 and let me know if you still feel the same way. Genuinely interested. You really don't need to watch it. Just let the audio play in the background while you peruse whatever it is you are perusing.	5
"Interesting thought, but wouldn't this ultimately hurt the ""red"" states. My impression is that aside from Texas, the Carolinas, and a few other states, that seceding form the union would hurt their coffers. From what I have red, the bible belt takes in much more in federal aid than it contributes, so secession would not be in the interest of it's poorest citi"	5
"I am not a web developer, or anything along those lines, so this is just a guess, but looking at the url: > http://hosted.ap.org/dynamic/stories/U/US_SCI_HAPPY_POLITICS the .../dynamic/... stands out. It looks to me like you are linking to a page that changes. Somewhere on the site there is a static page that was linked to the page that you linked, temporaril"	5
"Perhaps I should have but a ;-) on that... I have no idea what I'd do in that position, and neither do you. It's so far from anything we are likely to experience. Personally, I'm disappointed it wasn't more towards the same kind of health care of the rest of the developed world, but I can accept it might be the best possible in the US right now baring in mind t"	5
"I wouldn't go quite as far, as I agree with Stewart when he says that religion can play a good role in people's lives. And I think it does, even if it does not in mine. I am not against religion, instead I am against a lack of skepticism and critical thinking. One can believe in a higher power and still be skeptical and critical of things said by their religi"	5
"Call me crazy, but does anyone think it's plausible that he only did because he was promised a potential cabinet position, much like Hillary's capitulation last election? He seems like the kind of guy that would do that being that it was obvious he wasn't going to be the Republican nominee weeks ago."	5
"It does make me wonder how they handled making the Tec-9 illegal. I assume that they allowed people to keep the ones that they already had so I wonder if there was a huge spike in sales. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/TEC-9 Well I'll be damned, it drove the manufacturer of the TEC-9 out of business so maybe you are right."	5
"Hi wewewawa. Thank you for participating in /r/Politics. However, your submission has been removed for the following reason(s): * Off-Topic: All submissions to /r/politics need to be explicitly about **current US politics**. If you have any questions about this removal, please feel free to message the moderators.)"	5
"I run an eBay business. I ship an average of 5 items/day, and pay less than $2 postage on most of them. UPS ground, they're cheapest option, from NY to Florida would cost near $10 for a 6 ounce item (for an approximation, this is pretty normal for a PS2 or XBOX game in case with manual) - the post office costs $2.46."	5
"You know, that's a good question. I guess the only way to know is consulting Wikipedia. I'm still surprised that, as unpopular as Obama is getting to be, they are not even considering an option. I think they are going to get completely trashed by the Republicans. Let's just hope their candidate is Ron Paul."	5
">I propose a simple rule: ""In order for a university to be eligible to receive funding from Federal student loans, Pell grants, GI Bill or Federal research funding, they may not increase their tuition and fees by more than CPI + 1% per year."" This is actually a fantastic idea. Yes, it may decrease supply, but that is actually a good thing I think."	5
The idea has been bouncing around a long time although it never has had remotely enough popular support to come to fruition. But on the right this is a major thing: http://www.huffingtonpost.com/ryan-costello/senate-considers-iraqstyl_b_3071120.html http://mediamatters.org/research/2012/02/29/john-boltons-default-setting-when-in-doubt-bomb/186567	5
"> He said Thew had a longstanding dispute with Greater Manchester police over the death of his son three years ago and repeated stop-and-search procedures. He said the wearing of the T-shirt was not in response to the deaths of the two police officers, but was related to another case. He said he was already wearing the T-shirt when he heard the news."	5
"In FL liquor has to be sold at stores dedicated solely to the sale of alcohol. However, beer can be sold at supermarkets and gas stations etc. I'm not sure what the alcohol-proof cutoff is though. It's not like in other states where the gov't runs all the liquor stores though. There are PLENTY of private liquor stores."	5
"I can't figure out why the union soldier is weeping. I mean, I understand that the judge is weeping in shame or something and is shown to be standing by Jesus's left hand (our right) which I guess makes him evil symbolically, but why is the union soldier upset? He's even on the right side of Jesus in this pic."	5
"I understand you think that kind of language poloraizes the issue and make meaningful discussion more difficult. But if you can't say people are lying when they have been proven to be so, then you begin the conversation from a point where people can lie with no consequence. That's no better a position to start from."	5
"From the Youtube video, ""The Post reports that Ryan made the unscheduled stop after an event at Youngstown State University, and was there for about 15 minutes. But though the pictures taken shows Ryan apparently doing dishes, the food had already been served and everything had already been cleaned before he got there."""	5
"Interestingly I've heard of Vipassana meditation occuring in some of the US prisons and I know they started doing it out in Indian prisons a while back. I think there may have been one in the UK but it stopped. Out of everything, this is one technique that does seem to be beneficial to a lot of the inmates."	5
"Wasn't it more that they turned a blind eye to massive amounts of the stuff coming through in exchange for promises that the offenders play nice and uphold American Values in their own countries? (i.e. shoot commies.) EDIT: This is an actual question. I've forgotten the story and I can't be arsed to look it up. 2nd EDIT: Dammit, the next post down answers my"	5
"I got these on wikipedia. Don L. Penrod (2010). ""Edwin Rushton as the Source of the White Horse Prophecy"". BYU Studies 49 (3): 75‚Äì131. ""Church Statement on 'White Horse Prophecy' and Political Neutrality"", Public Affairs Department, LDS Church, January 6, 2010. McConkie, Bruce R. (1966). Mormon Doctrine (2nd ed.). Bookcraft. p. 835."	5
"The issue with ""life begins at conception"" is that *we don't really know* when egg and sperm have conceived until roughly 2-3 weeks later, at the minimum. Also, there are so many gradations for that ""in-between"" stage from conception to viability. It might best to think of such life differently from a legal standpoint."	5
"Can someone actually explain to me where Obama is tied to this action? I see the shadiness by the CIA, is that at Obama's behest? Where is that info coming from? This is not sarcasm, I just read through the Atlantic article, and then the Times article, and I don't see where Obama is linked to the activities undertaken by the CIA to suppress the report or to"	5
"Wait so they take out SS from ur check your whole life, then they tax the SS check when u retire which is now roughly only 75% of what you should be getting? Did i get that right or am i misunderstanding? EDIT: Then throw in inflation and you have the the problem you have now (only worse). 90% of people i talk to on SS can barely live on it because costs are"	5
"It's like flag burning, I think you're a douchebag if you burn a flag in disrespect, but I respect your right to do it, and appreciate the irony in burning the very symbol of the freedom that allows them to do it in the first place. And as scummy and douchey the people who protest funerals, organized protest is protected by the First Amendment."	5
"My only point was that it's ok to support people that don't agree with on every issue and as a gay person I don't expect every company in America to hold gay marriage as their number one issue. Their first priority is to make a profit, not champion civil rights. Although it's great when they do both."	4
"This reminds me of the time we learned to make gun cotton, (a simple high explosive,) in advanced chemistry class. We ended up making a large explosive device with it, taking it out behind the school, and creating a basketball-sized crater. The repercussions? Everyone involved got an A on the project. Edit: FYI, this was back in '99, only a few weeks aft"	4
"That's a fair point. In a vehicle fire a victim's body will mostly survive. The fires don't tent to burn hot/long enough to turn a body to ash. Internal organs and some useful information likely would have survived for autopsy. (As a side note, I don't actually know if they did an autopsy to check for chemical traces in his system like drugs/alcohol)."	4
"> where...how... I got my info from the GAO report itself. Though technically 56 billion is still outstanding even if it is on track to be payed back. I think, but am not sure, that the money for these loans came from their cash reserves and went back there, with the extra going to overhead and any excess profit being sent to the treasury."	4
"Just a thought... not saying i believe it to be true, but what if... just what if... someone in power was trying to get people used to seeing shit like this on an everyday basis as ""normal"" and ""good"". Under such circumstances, it would be the ideal preparation for a declaration of Martial law and the full use of the military to seize unconditional power over a"	4
"Well sure she could make a great fit, I like it. And I could totally believe/luv2c/watch, H Jackman as Remo; that's a real good call, now that you say it out loud, who else *could* it be. Edit: Well now that I think about that Ventura could probably play a pretty good, darker grizzled older and bitter re-imagining of remo, we were doing a gritty reboot."	4
"I'm leaving for my journy now friend, we will have to continue the discussion at a later point.. feel free to private message me as it may be some time before I am back online. I hope I could provide some insight and thank you for having an open mind (A rarity on Reddit for as much as it is touted). edit: Last question was answered below this comment."	3